1. https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-set-up-an-outbound-vpc-proxy-with-domain-whitelisting-and-content-filtering/

Controlling outbound communication from your Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) to
the internet is an important part of your overall preventive security controls.
By limiting outbound traffic to certain trusted domains (called “whitelisting”)
you help prevent instances from downloading malware, communicating with bot networks,
or attacking internet hosts. It’s not practical to prevent all outbound web traffic, though.

2. how to limit outbound web connections from your VPC to the internet,
   using a web proxy with custom domain whitelists or DNS content filtering services ?
   This solution is based on the open source HTTP proxy Squid. The proxy can be used
   for all workloads running in the VPC

3. An outbound proxy that permit connections to whitelisted domains that you define,

4. Optional domain content filtering based on DNS, delivered by external services
  like OpenDNS, Quad9, CleanBrowsing, Yandex.DNS or others.

5. One Elastic IP address per proxy instance for internet communication.
   Sometimes the web sites that you’re communicating want to know your
   IP address so they can accept traffic from you. Giving the proxies’
   elastic IP addresses allows you to know what IP addresses your
   web connections will come from.

6. The solution is deployed automatically via an AWS CloudFormation template.
CloudWatch Logs stores the Squid access log so that you can search and analyze it.
The list of allowed (whitelisted) domains is stored in AWS Secrets Manager.
The Amazon EC2 instance retrieves the domain list every 5 minutes via cronjob and
updates the proxy configuration if the list has changed. The values in Secrets
Manager are provisioned by CloudFormation and can be read only by the proxy EC2 instances.
The client running on the EC2 instance must have proxy settings pointing toward
the Network Load Balancer. The load balancer will forward the request to the
fleet of proxies in the target group.

7. 
