1.Amazon EC2 sets aside pools of EC2 instances in each Availability Zone for use as
Scheduled Instances. Each pool supports a specific combination of instance
type, operating system, and network.

2. You must launch your Scheduled Instances during their scheduled time periods,
using a launch configuration that matches the following attributes of the schedule
that you purchased: instance type, Availability Zone, network, and platform. When you do so,
Amazon EC2 launches EC2 instances on your behalf, based on the specified launch specification.
Amazon EC2 must ensure that the EC2 instances have terminated by the end of the current scheduled
time period so that the capacity is available for any other Scheduled Instances it is reserved for.
Therefore, Amazon EC2 terminates the EC2 instances three minutes before the end of
the current scheduled time period.

3. Scheduled Instance limits
Scheduled Instances are subject to the following limits:

The following are the only supported instance types: C3, C4, M4, and R3.

The required term is 365 days (one year).

The minimum required utilization is 1,200 hours per year.

You can purchase a Scheduled Instance up to three months in advance.

They are available in the following Regions: US East (N. Virginia), US West (Oregon), and Europe (Ireland).

4. How Scheduled Instances work
Amazon EC2 sets aside pools of EC2 instances in each Availability Zone for use as Scheduled Instances.
Each pool supports a specific combination of instance type, operating system, and network.

To get started, you must search for an available schedule. You can search across multiple pools or a single pool.
After you locate a suitable schedule, purchase it.

You must launch your Scheduled Instances during their scheduled time periods, using a launch configuration that
matches the following attributes of the schedule that you purchased: instance type, Availability Zone, network,
and platform. When you do so, Amazon EC2 launches EC2 instances on your behalf, based on the specified launch
specification. Amazon EC2 must ensure that the EC2 instances have terminated by the end of the current scheduled
time period so that the capacity is available for any other Scheduled Instances it is reserved for.
Therefore, Amazon EC2 terminates the EC2 instances three minutes before the end of the current scheduled time period.

You can't stop or reboot Scheduled Instances, but you can terminate them manually as needed.
If you terminate a Scheduled Instance before its current scheduled time period ends, you can launch
it again after a few minutes. Otherwise, you must wait until the next scheduled time period.
