1. How to set outbound access only for specific urls from ec2 in public subnet ?
  Set up web proxy server which allow to required urls.
  Proxy servers usually act as a relay between internal resources
  (servers, workstations, etc.) and the Internet, and to filter, accelerate and
  log network activities leaving the private network.
  One must not confuse proxy servers (also called forwarding proxy servers) with reverse proxy servers,
  which are used to control and sometimes load-balance network activities entering the private network.


2. How will you provide the auditor access to the logs of your AWS resources?
  AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing,
  and risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor,
  and retain events related to API calls across your AWS infrastructure. CloudTrail provides
  a history of AWS API calls for your account, including API calls made through the
  AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command line tools, and other AWS services.
  This history simplifies security analysis, resource change tracking, and troubleshooting.

3. A global enterprise web application is using a private S3 bucket, named MANILATECH-CONFIG,
   which has a Server-Side Encryption with Amazon S3-Managed Encryption Keys (SSE-S3)
   to store its configuration files for different regions in North America, Latin America,
   Europe, and Asia. There has been a lot of database changes and feature toggle switching
   for the past few weeks. Your CTO assigned you the task of enabling versioning on this bucket
   to track any changes made to the configuration files and have the ability to use the old settings if needed.
   In the coming days ahead, a new region in Oceania will be supported by the web application and thus,
   a new configuration file will be added soon. Currently, there are already four files in the bucket,
   namely: MNL-NA.config, MNL-LA.config, MNL-EUR.config and MNL-ASIA.config which are updated regularly.
   As instructed, you enabled the versioning in the bucket and after a few days, the new MNL-O.config configuration
   file for the Oceania region has been uploaded. A week after, a configuration has been done on MNL-NA.config,
    MNL-LA.config and MNL-O.config files.

In this scenario, which of the following is correct about files inside the MANILATECH-CONFIG S3 bucket? (Choose 2)

Explanation
Versioning is a means of keeping multiple variants of an object in the same bucket.
You can use versioning to preserve, retrieve, and restore every version of every object stored in your Amazon S3 bucket.
With versioning, you can easily recover from both unintended user actions and application failures.
In this scenario, there are already 4 configuration files existing in the MANILATECH-CONFIG bucket.
Once the S3 Versioning is enabled, all of the existing files will have a VERSION ID of NULL.
The new files that will be added will have an alphanumeric VERSION ID, as well as any new updates for the first 4 files.


4.  Which of the following is the most suitable and cost-effective connectivity option to use multipe VPN connections ?
VPN Hub If you have multiple VPN connections, you can provide secure communication between sites using the AWS VPN CloudHub.
This enables your remote sites to communicate with each other, and not just with the VPC.
The VPN CloudHub operates on a simple hub-and-spoke model that you can use with or without a VPC.
This design is suitable for customers with multiple branch offices and existing internet connections
who'd like to implement a convenient, potentially low-cost hub-and-spoke model for primary or
backup connectivity between these remote offices.

5. A government organization is currently developing a multi-tiered web application prototype which
consists of various components for registration, transaction processing, and reporting. All of the
components will be using different IP addresses and they are all hosted on one, extra large EC2
instance as its main server. They will be using S3 as a durable and scalable storage service.
For security purposes, the IT manager wants to implement 2 separate SSL certificates for the
separate components. How can the government organization achieve this with a single EC2 instance?
Explanation
In this scenario, you basically need to provide multiple IP addresses to a single EC2 instance.
This can be easily achieved by using an Elastic Network Interface (ENI). An elastic network
interface is a logical networking component in a VPC that represents a virtual network card.

7.A health insurance company has recently adopted a hybrid cloud architecture which connects their
on-premises network and their cloud infrastructure in AWS. They have an ELB which has a set of EC2
instances behind them. As the cloud engineer of the company, your manager instructed you to ensure
that the SSL key used to encrypt data is always kept secure at all times. In addition, the application
logs should only be decrypted by a handful of key users. In this scenario, which of the following
meets all of the requirements?
In this scenario, the best choice is Option 4 because it uses CloudHSM and the
application server logs are persisted in an S3 bucket with a Server Side Encryption (SSE).
CloudHSM provides a better and more secure way of offloading the SSL processing for the web
servers and ensures the the application logs are durably and securely stored.

AWS CloudHSM is a cloud-based hardware security module (HSM) that enables you to easily
generate and use your own encryption keys on the AWS Cloud. With CloudHSM, you can manage
your own encryption keys using FIPS 140-2 Level 3 validated HSMs. CloudHSM offers you the
flexibility to integrate with your applications using industry-standard APIs, such as PKCS#11,
Java Cryptography Extensions (JCE), and Microsoft CryptoNG (CNG) libraries.

You can use AWS CloudHSM to offload SSL/TLS processing for your web servers. Using CloudHSM
for this processing reduces the burden on your web server and provides extra security by
storing your web server's private key in CloudHSM. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport
Layer Security (TLS) are used to confirm the identity of web servers and establish secure
HTTPS connections over the Internet.

Options 1 and 3 are incorrect because ephemeral volume is just a temporary storage and
hence, not a suitable option for durable storage.

Option 2 is incorrect because you should never store sensitive private keys in S3.


8. A hospital in New York has hosted its web-based medical records portal entirely
in AWS using EC2 instances for its web-tier and an RDS database for its data tier.
In compliance with HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996),
the hospital hired an IT security professional to check their systems. It was found that
there are a lot of unauthorized requests coming from a set of IP addresses originating
from a country in South East Asia. What can you do to ensure that this type of attack
is properly mitigated?

Explanation
In this scenario, the cyber attack is coming from a set of certain IP addresses over specific
port from a specific country. Always think about Security groups and Network Access Control List (NACL)
in this scenario. Security Groups operate at the individual instance level while NACL operates at subnet level.
 The first one that you should always fortify is the NACL, as it is the first layer where traffic will pass
 through during the communication with the EC2 instances in the VPC.

Network ACLs can be effective as a secondary control for denying a specific subset of traffic or providing
high-level guard rails for a subnet. By implementing both network ACLs and security groups as a defense-in-depth
means of controlling traffic, a mistake in the configuration of one of these controls will not expose the host to unwanted traffic.

Option 1 is incorrect because you cannot block IP addresses using the main route table or IGW. Better use
Security Groups or NACLs instead.

Option 2 is incorrect because you cannot deny access to a specific IP addresses using security groups.
 By default, all requests are denied in the security group and you can create a rule that will open
 access for a particular IP address or range.

Option 3 is incorrect because enhanced networking is only used to provide higher bandwidth,
higher packet per second (PPS) performance, and consistently lower inter-instance latencies
for EC2 instances. Enhanced networking does not have the capability to block certain IP addresses.

Option 4 is correct because you can add deny rules in NACL and block access to certain IP addresses.


9. An international humanitarian aid organization has a requirement to store 20 TB worth of scanned
files for their relief operations which can grow to up to a total of 50 TB of data.
There is also a requirement to have a search feature in place that can be used to easily
find a certain item through the thousands of scanned files. The new system is expected
to run for more than 3 years.

Which of the following is the most cost-effective option in implementing the search feature in their system?

Explanation
Always remember that S3 is an excellent object-based storage that is highly durable and scalable.
However, its native search capability is not effective. Hence, you need to have a separate service
to handle the search feature.

Amazon CloudSearch is a managed service in the AWS Cloud that makes it simple and cost-effective
to set up, manage, and scale a search solution for your website or application. Amazon CloudSearch
supports 34 languages and popular search features such as highlighting, autocomplete, and geospatial search.

Option 1 is incorrect because the scenario says that the new system is expected to run for more than 3
years which means that using Reserved EC2 instances would be a more cost-effective choice than using
On-Demand instances. In addition, purchasing and installing a 3rd-party search software might be more
expensive than just using Amazon CloudSearch.

Option 2 is incorrect because a system composed of RAID configuration of EBS volumes is not a durable
and scalable solution compared to S3.

Option 3 is correct because it uses S3 to store the images which is a durable and a scalable solution.
It also uses CloudSearch for query processing, and with a multi-AZ implementation, it achieves high availability.

Option 4 is incorrect as the native search capability of S3 is not effective. It is better to use
CloudSearch or another service that provides search functionality.



10.A leading aerospace company wants to utilize AWS as its secondary storage. The project only has a
limited funding hence, they are looking for the most cost-effective storage solution. The data being
stored is rarely retrieved and in case it is requested, it is not required to have a fast
retrieval time and the requestor can wait for 24 hours. In this scenario, what is the best
 and most cost-effective storage option to use?
Explanation
In this scenario, the data being stored is rarely retrieved and the requester can wait for
24 hours to retrieve the data. Option 1: Amazon Glacier, is the most cost-effective service
to use in this kind of situation where the required retrieval time is not urgent and the
requestor can wait for 3-5 hours.

Amazon Glacier is a secure, durable, and extremely low-cost cloud storage service for data
archiving and long-term backup. It is designed to deliver 99.999999999% durability, and provides
comprehensive security and compliance capabilities that can help meet even the most stringent regulatory
requirements. Amazon Glacier provides query-in-place functionality, allowing you to run powerful analytics
directly on your archive data at rest.

Options 2 and 3 are incorrect because both S3 Infrequent Access and S3 One Zone-IA are more suitable for
data that are accessed less frequently, but requires rapid access when needed. In this particular scenario,
the requester can wait up to 24 hours to access the data so it is recommended to use Glacier instead.

Option 4 is incorrect because the S3 Standard class is much more expensive than Glacier and in
this scenario, you don't need the fast retrieval time that the S3 standard class provides.
