41. You are designing a trading platform in which you have to set up your architecture
    to mitigate distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks to secure your application.
    It should also include a notification for incoming Layer 3 or Layer 4 attacks such
    as SYN floods and UDP reflection attacks. The solution should provide protection
    against SQL injection, cross-site scripting and other Layer 7 attacks as well.
    Which of the following solutions should you implement together to meet the
    above requirement? (Choose 2)
A Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack is a malicious attempt to make a targeted system,
such as a website or application, unavailable to end users. To achieve this,
attackers use a variety of techniques that consume network or other resources,
interrupting access for legitimate end users.
AWS provides flexible infrastructure and services that help customers implement
strong DDoS mitigations and create highly available application architectures
that follow AWS Best Practices for DDoS Resiliency. These include services such
as Amazon Route 53, Amazon CloudFront, Elastic Load Balancing, and AWS WAF to
control and absorb traffic, and deflect unwanted requests.
These services integrate with AWS Shield, a managed DDoS protection service,
that provides always-on detection and automatic inline mitigations to safeguard
web applications running on AWS.

AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect your web applications
from common web exploits that could affect application availability, compromise
security, or consume excessive resources. AWS WAF gives you control over which
traffic to allow or block to your web applications by defining customizable web
security rules. You can use AWS WAF to create custom rules that block common attack
patterns, such as SQL injection or cross-site scripting, and rules that are designed
for your specific application. New rules can be deployed within minutes, letting you
respond quickly to changing traffic patterns. Also, AWS WAF includes a full-featured
API that you can use to automate the creation, deployment, and maintenance of web security rules.

In this scenario, AWS Shield Advanced and AWS WAF are the two services that can
provide optimal DDoS attack mitigation and protection against Layer 7 security risks
to your cloud infrastructure. Hence, Options 1 and 2 are correct.

Option 3 is incorrect because although AWS Shield Standard can mitigate Layer 3 or Layer
4 attacks, it does not include a detailed notification of the recent layer attacks to your
AWS resources such as SYN floods and UDP reflection attacks. You should upgrade this to
AWS Shield Advanced in order to meet the requirement, which also includes an AWS DDoS
Response Team (DRT) that support experts who apply manual mitigations for more complex
and sophisticated DDoS attacks.
Option 4 is incorrect because although CloudFront can help mitigate DDoS attacks,
improving the cache hit ratio of your CloudFront distribution is still not enough to
totally protect your infrastructure. This option also fails to mention the geoblocking
and HTTPS protocol support features of CloudFront. Using AWS Shield Advanced and AWS
WAF will provide a more effective protection against DDoS.
Option 5 is incorrect because Amazon AppStream 2.0 is just a fully managed application
streaming service and is not suitable in this scenario. It is primarily used to easily
scale to any number of users across the globe without acquiring, provisioning,
and operating hardware or infrastructure.

42. You are creating a CloudFormation script to deploy an online voting application
for a Nature Photography Contest that accepts high-resolution images, stores them in
an S3 bucket, and records 100-character summary about the image in RDS. As a Solutions Architect,
you have to ensure that the same online voting application can be deployed once again
using the same CloudFormation template for the succeeding contests in the future.
The photography contest will run for just a month and once it has been concluded,
there would be nobody using the online voting application anymore until the next
\contest. As a preparation for the upcoming events next year, the 100-character summaries
should be kept and the S3 bucket which contains the high-resolution photos should remain.
In this scenario, which of the following is the best option to meet the above requirement?
Explanation
With the DeletionPolicy attribute, you can preserve or (in some cases) back up a
resource when its stack is deleted. You specify a DeletionPolicy attribute for each
resource that you want to control. If a resource has no DeletionPolicy attribute,
AWS CloudFormation deletes the resource by default.
Note that this capability also applies to stack update operations that lead to
resources being deleted from stacks, for example, if you remove the resource from
the stack template and then update the stack with the template. This capability does
not apply to resources whose physical instance is replaced during stack update operations.
For example, if you edit a resource's properties such that AWS CloudFormation replaces
that resource during a stack update.
In this scenario, you need to keep the data on your S3 bucket and RDS which can be
achieved by setting the DeletionPolicy of S3 to Retain and for RDS to use Snapshot.
Option 2 is incorrect because S3 does not support snapshots. It should be set to Retain.
Option 3 is incorrect because you cannot use Retain on both S3 and RDS as the latter should be set to Snapshot.
Option 4 is incorrect because even though your data will still be available in the
other region because of the CRR, the current S3 bucket will still be deleted.

43.You are designing a photo-sharing mobile app for an advertising company.
The app will store all pictures directly uploaded by users in a single Amazon
S3 bucket and users will also be able to view and download their own pictures
directly from the Amazon S3 bucket. You are to configure security on the application
to handle potentially millions of users in the most secure manner possible.  How do
you set up the user registration flow in AWS for this mobile app?
In this scenario, the best solution is to use a combination of an IAM Role and STS
for authentication. The STS AssumeRole returns a set of temporary security credentials
that you can use to access AWS resources that you might not normally have access to.
These temporary credentials consist of an access key ID, a secret access key, and a
security token. Typically, you use AssumeRole for cross-account access or federation

Option 1 is correct as it creates an IAM Role with appropriate permissions and
then generates temporary security credentials using STS AssumeRole. Then,
it generates new credentials when the user runs the app the next time.

Option 2 is incorrect because it asks to create an IAM User, not the
IAM Role - which is not a good solution. You should create an IAM Role so
that the app can access the AWS Resource using STS AssumeRole.
Option 3 is incorrect because you should always grant the short term or
temporary credentials for the mobile application. This option asks to create long term credentials.
Option 4 is incorrect as it does not create the required IAM Role but instead, an IAM user.

44. You are managing a NodeJS application that needs an NGINX server for the front end,
Elasticsearch and Logstash for log processing, as well as a MongoDB database instance
for document management. In order to improve the process of updating the application
stack, your manager instructed you to choose between In-place and Disposable method.
Which of the following is true about the In-place and Disposable method?
The deployment services offer two methods to help you update your application stack,
namely in-place and disposable. An in-place upgrade involves performing application
updates on live Amazon EC2 instances. A disposable upgrade, on the other hand, involves
rolling out a new set of EC2 instances by terminating older instances.

An in-place upgrade is typically useful in a rapid deployment with a consistent
rollout schedule. It is designed for sessionless applications. You can still use
the in-place upgrade method for stateful applications by implementing a rolling
deployment schedule.

In contrast, disposable upgrades offer a simpler way to know if your application
has unknown dependencies. The underlying EC2 instance usage is considered temporary
or ephemeral in nature for the period of deployment until the current release is active.
During the new release, a new set of EC2 instances are rolled out by terminating older
instances. This type of upgrade technique is more common in an immutable infrastructure.
Hence, Option 4 is the correct answer.

Option 1 is incorrect because the definition of the in-place and disposable upgrades
were switched. Remember that an in-place upgrade involves performing application updates
 on live Amazon EC2 instances. A disposable upgrade, on the other hand, involves rolling
 out a new set of EC2 instances by terminating older instances.
Option 2 is incorrect because the in-place upgrade defines a Hybrid Deployment model approach.
Option 3 is incorrect because the disposable upgrade defines a Hybrid Deployment model approach.

 45. You are planning to launch a mobile app for the department of transportation that
 allows government staff to upload the latest photo of the ongoing construction works
 such as bridges, roads culverts, and dams all over the country. The mobile app should
 send the photos to a web server hosted on an EC2 instance which then adds a watermark
 to each photo that contains the project details and the date it was taken. Your job is
  to design a solution in which the generated photos by the server will be uploaded to
  an S3 bucket for durable storage.

In this scenario, how should you design a secure architecture to allow the EC2
instance to upload photos to S3?

Explanation
This question tests your understanding of IAM, specifically on when to use
an IAM Role over an SCP. Since the server is running on an EC2 instance and
the application makes requests to S3 to store the photos, the more suitable
option to use here is an IAM Role.
In addition, don't create an IAM user and pass the user's credentials to the
application or embed the credentials in the application. That will create a security
risk because if an attacker had unauthorized access to that EC2 instance, then the user
credentials can easily be acquired and exploited. The better way is to create an IAM role
that you can attach to the EC2 instance to give applications running on the instance temporary
security credentials which can be used to access other AWS resources such as an S3 bucket.
The credentials have the permissions specified in the policies attached to the role.
Option 1 is incorrect as SCPs simply enable you to restrict, at the account level of granularity,
what services and actions the users, groups, and roles in those accounts can do. SCPs don't grant
permissions to any user or role because this is handled through IAM policies.
Option 2 is incorrect as an IAM Role is a better option to use instead of an IAM User.
Plus, you should always retrieve the temporary security credentials from the instance metadata and not from the user data.
Option 3 is correct as it uses an IAM Role and fetches the temporary security credentials from the instance metadata.
Option 4 is incorrect because although it uses an IAM Role, the temporary security credentials
should be retrieved from the instance metadata and not from the user data.



46. Question 46: Skipped
You are working as a Senior Solutions Architect in a multinational healthcare company
where you need to launch a new medtech information website. You chose to use Amazon
CloudFormation to deploy a three-tier web application that consists of a web tier and application
tier that will utilize Amazon DynamoDB for storage. In this scenario, which of the following options
will allow the application instance access to the DynamoDB tables without exposing API credentials?
Explanation
An IAM role is similar to a user, in that it is an AWS identity with permission policies
that determine what the identity can and cannot do in AWS. However, instead of being uniquely
 associated with one person, a role is intended to be assumable by anyone who needs it.
 Also, a role does not have standard long-term credentials (password or access keys)
 associated with it. Instead, if a user assumes a role, temporary security credentials
 are created dynamically and provided to the user. The scenario requires the instance to
 have access to DynamoDB tables without having to use the API credentials.
 In such scenarios, always think of creating IAM Roles rather than IAM Users.
Option 1 is incorrect because you should never expose the Access and Secret Keys
while accessing the AWS resources, and using IAM Role is a more secure way of accessing
the resources than using IAM Users with security credentials.
Option 2 is incorrect because the IAM Role is not associated to the application by
referencing an instance profile; it has to be used as an instance profile property.
Option 3 is incorrect because you should never expose the Access and Secret Keys while
accessing the AWS resources, and using IAM Role is a more secure way of accessing the resources
than using IAM Users with security credentials.
Option 4 is correct because it uses IAM Role with the appropriate permissions to access the
resource, and it references that Role in the instance profile property of the application instance.


47. Question 47: Skipped
You are working as an AWS Cloud Architect for a maturing startup that runs its
customer support application on AWS hosted on a fleet of on-demand EC2 instances
connected on an Elastic Load Balancer and configured with Auto Scaling. The web
application runs on large EC2 instances to properly process the high volume of data
that are stored in DynamoDB. Each app deployment is done once a week and requires an
automated way of creating and testing a new Amazon Machine Image for the application servers.
To meet the growing number of support tickets being sent, it was decided that a new video chat
 feature should be implemented as part of the customer support app, but should be hosted on a
 different set of servers to allow users to chat with a representative. The startup decided to
 streamline the deployment process and use AWS OpsWorks as an application lifecycle tool to
 simplify management of the app and reduce time-consuming deployment cycles. What is the most
 cost-efficient and flexible way to integrate the new video chat module in AWS?

Explanation
AWS OpsWorks Stacks lets you manage applications and servers on AWS and on-premises.
With OpsWorks Stacks, you can model your application as a stack containing different layers,
such as load balancing, database, and application server. You can deploy and configure Amazon
EC2 instances in each layer or connect other resources such as Amazon RDS databases. OpsWorks
Stacks lets you set automatic scaling for your servers based on preset schedules or in response
to changing traffic levels, and it uses lifecycle hooks to orchestrate changes as your environment scales.

In OpsWorks, you will be provisioning a stack and layers. The stack is the top-level AWS OpsWorks
Stacks entity. It represents a set of instances that you want to manage collectively, typically
because they have a common purpose such as serving PHP applications. In addition to serving as a
container, a stack handles tasks that apply to the group of instances as a whole, such as managing
 applications and cookbooks.

Every stack contains one or more layers, each of which represents a stack component,
such as a load balancer or a set of application servers. As you work with AWS OpsWorks
Stacks layers, keep the following in mind:

-Each layer in a stack must have at least one instance and can optionally have multiple instances.

-Each instance in a stack must be a member of at least one layer, except for registered
instances. You cannot configure an instance directly, except for some basic settings such as
the SSH key and hostname. You must create and configure an appropriate layer, and add the instance to the layer.

In the scenario, it tells us that the video chat feature should be implemented as part
of the customer support application, but should be hosted on a different set of servers.
This means that the chat feature is part of the stack, but should be in a different
layer since it will be using a different set of servers. Hence, we have to use one stack and two layers to meet the requirement.


Options 1 and 2 are incorrect because two OpsWorks stacks are unnecessary since
the new video chat feature is still a part of the customer support website but just
deployed on a different set of servers. Hence, this should be deployed on a different
layer and not on an entirely different stack.

Option 3 is correct because only one stack would be sufficient and two layers would be
required for handling separate requirements. One custom recipe for DynamoDB would be required.

Option 4 is incorrect because it would be a better solution to create two separate layers:
one customer support web servers and one for the video chat feature.

Question 48: Skipped
You are working as a Solutions Architect in a technology company which manages an
automated industrial chain orchestration on AWS cloud. They have a web application
that must be cost-effective, scalable, highly available, and should require minimal
human intervention. Your team has deployed a fleet of EC2 instances to host the web and
database servers of the app. The web and database EC2 instances are deployed in the public
and private subnet of the VPC respectively. How can you properly improve the availability
and load balancing of this cloud architecture? (Choose 2)

Explanation
Amazon Route 53 alias records provide a Route 53–specific extension to DNS functionality.
Alias records let you route traffic to selected AWS resources, such as CloudFront distributions
and Amazon S3 buckets. They also let you route traffic from one record in a hosted zone to another record.

Unlike a CNAME record, you can create an alias record at the top node of a DNS namespace,
also known as the zone apex. For example, if you register the DNS name tutorialsdojo.com,
the zone apex is tutorialsdojo.com. You can't create a CNAME record for tutorialsdojo.com,
but you can create an alias record for tutorialsdojo.com that routes traffic to www.tutorialsdojo.com
(take note of the www subdomain).

You can also type the domain name for the resource. For example:


-  CloudFront distribution domain name: dtut0rial5d0j0.cloudfront.net
-  Elastic Beanstalk environment CNAME: tutorialsdojo.elasticbeanstalk.com
-  ELB load balancer DNS name:tutorialsdojo-1.us-east-2.elb.amazonaws.com
-  S3 website endpoint: s3-website.us-east-2.amazonaws.com
-  Resource record set in this hosted zone: www.tutorialsdojo.com
-  VPC endpoint: tutorialsdojo.us-east-2.vpce.amazonaws.com
-  API Gateway custom regional API: d-tut5d0j0c0m.execute-api.us-west-2.amazonaws.com





Multivalue answer routing lets you configure Amazon Route 53 to return multiple values,
such as IP addresses for your web servers, in response to DNS queries. You can specify
multiple values for almost any record, but multivalue answer routing also lets you check
the health of each resource, so Route 53 returns only values for healthy resources.
It's not a substitute for a load balancer, but the ability to return multiple health-checkable
IP addresses is a way to use DNS to improve availability and load balancing.

Option 1 is correct because if the web servers are behind an ELB, the load on the web servers
will be uniformly distributed which means that if any of the web servers goes offline, the web
traffic would be routed to other web servers. In this way, there would be no unnecessary downtime.
You can also use Route 53 to set the ALIAS record that points to the ELB endpoint.

Option 2 is incorrect as it is using AWS CloudFront which is directly pointing to the web server
as its origin. In case that the server or the EC2 instances goes down, then the entire website would also become unavailable.

Option 3 is incorrect as a NAT instance is mainly used to allow EC2 instance launched on a private
subnet to access the Internet via a public subnet. In addition, the issue is mainly on the web servers
which are hosted on the public subnet and not on the private subnet.￼ 

Option 4 is incorrect because although it is correct to use a load balancer in front of your EC2 instances,
you need to use an Alias Record in Route 53, and not a Non-Alias Record.

Option 5 is correct because although a Multivalue answer routing is not a substitute for a load balancer,
its ability to return multiple health-checkable IP addresses can still improve availability and load balancing of your system.

Question 49: Skipped
You are working as a Network Engineer for an electronics and communications company in
Japan where you are managing a NAT instance in your VPC. This allows multiple EC2 instances
that are launched in a private subnet to initiate connections to the Internet but restrict any
requests coming from any outside network. However, there are numerous incidents where your NAT
instance is not available, which affects the batch processing of your applications.

In this scenario, which is the most suitable solution that provides better availability and bandwidth
to your architecture with minimal administrative effort?
Explanation
You can use a NAT device to enable instances in a private subnet to connect to the
internet (for example, for software updates) or other AWS services, but prevent the
internet from initiating connections with the instances. A NAT device forwards traffic
from the instances in the private subnet to the internet or other AWS services, and then
sends the response back to the instances. When traffic goes to the internet, the source IPv4
address is replaced with the NAT device’s address and similarly, when the response traffic goes
to those instances, the NAT device translates the address back to those instances’ private IPv4 addresses.

AWS offers two kinds of NAT devices—a NAT gateway or a NAT instance. It is recommended
to use NAT gateways, as they provide better availability and bandwidth over NAT instances.
The NAT Gateway service is also a managed service that does not require your administration efforts.

A NAT instance is launched from a NAT AMI and you can choose to use a NAT instance for special purposes.
However, this type of NAT device is limited and is not highly available compared with a NAT Gateway.
Hence, Option 1 is the correct answer.

Option 2 is incorrect because even if you upgrade your NAT device to a larger instance, it would still
be a single component. This means that if your NAT instance goes down, there would be no other instance
to handle the requests, which means that your architecture is not highly available. It is better to use a
NAT Gateway to provide better availability and bandwidth for your infrastructure.

Option 3 is incorrect because although this solution is indeed highly available and fault-tolerant, this
entails a lot of administrative effort to manage those two NAT instances. Hence, it is still better to use
the NAT Gateway service since it is a managed service that does not require administrative effort.

Option 4 is incorrect because an egress-only Internet gateway is primarily used to handle IPv6 traffic,
which is not mentioned in this scenario.

Question 50:
You are working as a Solutions Architect for a cryptocurrency analytics website
which uses a CloudFront distribution with a custom domain name (tutorialsdojo.com)
to speed up the loading time of the site. Since the data being distributed are quite
confidential, your manager instructed you to require HTTPS communication between the viewers (web visitors)
and the CloudFront distribution. You are also instructed to improve the performance by increasing the
proportion of your viewer requests that are served from CloudFront edge caches instead of going to your origin servers.

What should you do to accomplish the above requirement? (Choose 2)

Explanation
You can configure one or more cache behaviors in your CloudFront distribution to
require HTTPS for communication between viewers and CloudFront. You also can configure
one or more cache behaviors to allow both HTTP and HTTPS, so that CloudFront requires HTTPS
for some objects but not for others. The configuration steps depend on which domain name you're using in object URLs:

- If you're using the domain name that CloudFront assigned to your distribution, such as
d111111abcdef8.cloudfront.net, you change the Viewer Protocol Policy setting for one or more cache behaviors
to require HTTPS communication. In that configuration, CloudFront provides the SSL/TLS certificate.

- If you're using your own domain name, such as tutorialsdojo.com, you need to change several CloudFront
settings. You also need to use an SSL/TLS certificate provided by AWS Certificate Manager (ACM), or
import a certificate from a third-party certificate authority into ACM or the IAM certificate store.
You can improve performance by increasing the proportion of your viewer requests that are served from
CloudFront edge caches instead of going to your origin servers for content; that is, by improving the cache hit
 ratio for your distribution. To increase your cache hit ratio, you can configure your origin to add a
 Cache-Control max-age directive to your objects, and specify the longest practical value for max-age.
 The shorter the cache duration, the more frequently CloudFront forwards another request to your origin
 to determine whether the object has changed and, if so, to get the latest version.

In this scenario, the correct answers are Options 1 and 2 as these two can meet the requirement as explained above.

Option 3 is incorrect because Lambda@Edge is an extension of AWS Lambda which lets you execute functions that
 customize the content that CloudFront delivers. This feature does not improve the cache hit ratio of your
 CloudFront distribution.
Option 4 is incorrect because the Amazon Elasticsearch Service is just a fully managed service that makes
it easier to deploy, secure, and operate Elasticsearch in AWS. This service will not improve the cache hit
ratio of your CloudFront distribution. The built-in Kibana support only provides a way to get faster and better
 insights into your data and thus, not related to this scenario.
Option 5 is incorrect because an S3 bucket, whether it is public or private, is not suitable to store the SSL certificate.
