51.You are working as a Solutions Architect for a global IT services company
which has over a hundred data centers all around the globe. Due to financial
constraints, one of its data centers located in Detroit will be decommissioned
soon and they require its entire data to be moved to their cloud infrastructure
in AWS. They need to migrate a total of 80 TB of data strictly in 1 week to avoid
further system downtime. In addition, they only have a limited 25 Mbps Internet
line in their data center to do the migration. In this scenario, what is the fastest
and most cost-effective solution to use to migrate all of the data to AWS?

AWS Snowball Edge is a data migration and edge computing device that supports
computing tasks via Amazon EC2 applications or AWS Lambda functions. Customers
use these devices to collect, process, and store data in environments with
intermittent connectivity (such as manufacturing, industrial, and transportation)
 or in extremely remote locations (such as military or maritime operations) before
  shipping it back to AWS. These devices may also be rack mounted and clustered
  together to build larger, temporary installations.
  Since the total amount of data that need to be migrated is 80 TB, you cannot use the regular AWS Snowball.
  Instead, use the Snowball Edge which has an 80 TB of usable capacity. Hence, the correct answer here is Option 3.

Option 1 is incorrect because Snowmobile is used if you need to transfer up to 100PB of data.
This will be transported on a 45-foot long ruggedized shipping container, pulled by a semi-trailer truck.
Take note that you only need to migrate 80 TB of data, hence, this is not the most suitable and cost-effective solution.

Option 2 is incorrect because you will be using the limited 25 Mbps Internet line in their data center to
transfer the whole 80 TB, which may take more than a week. Hence, this is not the best solution as this
carries the risk of not completing the task within a week.

Option 4 is incorrect since the total amount of data that need to be migrated is 80 TB which is over the
72 TB usable capacity limit of Snowball. Take note that although Snowball has two types of device model:
 50 TB and 80 TB, you can only store a total of 42 TB and 72 TB respectively based on their usable capacity limits.
 You have to use AWS Snowball Edge instead.


52. You are working as a Solutions Architect for a telecommunications company.
As per instruction, you are to design a data leak prevention solution for your VPC environment.
You want your EC2 instances that are launched on public subnet to be able to access product
updates and patches from the Internet. The packages are accessible through the third party via
their URLs. You want to explicitly deny any other outbound connections from your VPC instances
to hosts on the Internet. Which of the following options would you consider?
A forward proxy server acts as an intermediary for requests from internal users and servers, often
caching content to speed up subsequent requests. Companies usually implement proxy solutions to provide
URL and web content filtering, IDS/IPS, data loss prevention, monitoring, and advanced threat protection.
 AWS customers often use a VPN or AWS Direct Connect connection to leverage existing corporate proxy server
 infrastructure, or build a forward proxy farm on AWS using software such as Squid proxy servers with internal
 Elastic Load Balancing (ELB).

Option 1 is incorrect because even though moving the instances in a private subnet is a good idea, the routing
 table does not have the filtering logic, it only connects the subnets with Internet gateway.
Option 2 is incorrect because NACLs cannot filter requests based on URLs.
Option 3 is incorrect because a security group cannot filter requests based on URLs.
Option 4 is correct because a proxy server filters requests from the client, and allows only those that
are related to the product updates, and in this case helps filter all other requests except the ones for
the product updates.




53. You are working as a Systems Engineer for a leading ISP. The provider has 2 Virtual Private Clouds
in the same region. How can you connect the two VPC's so that the EC2 instances in one VPC can
communicate with the other VPC?

Explanation
A VPC peering connection is a networking connection between two VPCs that enables you to route
traffic between them privately. Instances in either VPC can communicate with each other as if
they are within the same network. You can create a VPC peering connection between your own VPCs,
with a VPC in another AWS account, or with a VPC in a different AWS Region. AWS uses the existing
infrastructure of a VPC to create a VPC peering connection; it is neither a gateway nor a VPN connection,
and does not rely on a separate piece of physical hardware. There is no single point of failure for
communication or a bandwidth bottleneck.
Option 1 is correct because VPC peering is the best way of connecting the EC2 instances in two VPCs in the same region.

Option 2 is incorrect because you cannot create Direct Connection between VPCs.

Option 3 is incorrect because you cannot create IPSec tunnel between VPCs.

Option 4 is incorrect because migration of the resources is unnecessary in this case.

54. You are working as a Solutions Architect for a multinational software provider
in Philadelphia and you are tasked to host both of your development and test environments in AWS.
Your CTO decided to use separate AWS accounts in hosting each environment.
You enabled Consolidated Billing to link each of the accounts' bill to a Master AWS account.
To make sure you keep within the budget, you are to provide a way for administrators in the
master account to have access to stop, delete and/or terminate resources in both development
and test environment accounts. Which of the following is the best option to implement for this scenario?
Explanation
You share resources in one account with users in a different account. By setting up
cross-account access in this way, you don't need to create individual IAM users in each account.
In addition, users don't have to sign out of one account and sign into another in order to access
resources that are in different AWS accounts.
Option 1 is incorrect because a cross-account role should be created in Dev and Test accounts, not Master account.
Option 2 is correct because the cross-account role is created in Dev and Test accounts, and the
users are created in the Master account that are given that role.
Option 3 is incorrect because the permissions cannot be inherited from one AWS account to another.
Option 4 is incorrect because consolidated billing does not give access to resources in this fashion.


55. You, a Solutions Architect for a BPO company, are working on a multitiered,
java-based content management system (CMS) hosted on an on-premises data centre.
The CMS has a JBoss Application server present in the application tier.
The database tier consists of an Oracle database which is regularly backed up to S3 using the
Oracle RMAN backup utility. The application's static files and content are kept on a
512 GB Storage Gateway volume which is attached to the application server via an iSCSI interface.

Which AWS based disaster recovery strategy will give you the best RTO?

Explanation
Recovery Manager (RMAN) is an Oracle Database client that performs backup and recovery tasks on your
databases and automates administration of your backup strategies. It greatly simplifies backing up,
restoring, and recovering database files.

Option 1 is incorrect because restoring the backups from the Amazon Glacier will be slower thatn S3 and will not meet the RTO.

Option 2 is correct because it deploys the Oracle database on an EC2 instance by restoring the backups
from S3 which can provide a faster recovery time, and it generates the EBS volume of static content from Storage Gateway.

Option 3 is incorrect because there is no need to attach the Storage Gateway as an iSCSI volume; you can
just easily and quickly create an EBS volume from the Storage Gateway. Then, you can generate snapshots
from the EBS volumes for better recovery time.

Option 4 is incorrect as restoring the content from Virtual Tape Library will not fit into the RTO.
