21.An e-commerce company is having their annual sale event. The e-commerce site will
receive millions of visitors in a short period.
The visitors will first login to the site using either their Facebook or Google credentials
and add items to their cart. After purchasing, a page will display the cart discounted prices.
The company needs to build a scalable, cost-effective checkout system that can handle the sudden surge of
incoming traffic. Which of the following AWS architectural design patterns should they use?

The best solution is to use a combination of CloudFront, Elastic Load Balancer and SQS to provide a highly scalable architecture.
Option 1 is incorrect because multi-AZ RDS is a more expensive solution compared to DynamoDB.
Option 2 is correct because it is a highly scalable solution and creates appropriate IAM Role to access the DynamoDB database.
In addition, it uses SQS to hold the user data/votes such that the application does not consume read and write
provisioned capacity of DynamoDB.
Option 3 is incorrect because although this would work, it is not scalable and storing all the data directly
in DynamoDB would consume read and write capacity and increase the cost.
Option 4 is incorrect because it is not scalable and storing all the data directly in DynamoDB would consume
read and write capacity and increase the cost.

22. An enterprise software company has just recently started using AWS.
They are building issue tracking system which would be accessed by their customers worldwide.
 You  have to ensure that the architecture of the issue tracking system is both scalable and
highly available to avoid any complaints from the clients.
It is expected that the application will have a steady-state usage and the database would
be used for online transaction processing (OLTP).
Which of the following would be the best architecture setup to satisfy the above requirement?

It is recommended to use a CloudFormation template to launch your architecture in AWS.
An Auto Scaling group of EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones with an ELB in
front is a highly available and scalable architecture.
In addition, leveraging on CloudFront in distributing your static content improves the load times of the system.
Finally, an RDS instance with Multi-AZ deployments configuration can ensure the availability of your database
in case one instance goes down.
Option 2 is incorrect because using Dedicated EC2 instances without Auto Scaling is not a scalable nor a
highly available architecture. In addition, RedShift is not applicable to OLTP but rather with OLAP.
Option 3 is incorrect because Spot EC2 instances are not suitable for steady state usage and Read
Replicas only provide limited availability compared to Multi-AZ Deployments.
Option 4 is incorrect because this does not use Auto Scaling and is not deployed across
multiple Availability Zones.


23. A startup is looking for a cost-effective location-based alert to their iOS and Android mobile apps.
Their users will receive alerts on their mobile device regarding real estate offers in proximity to their current location and the
delivery time for the push notifications should be less than a minute.
The existing mobile app has an initial 2 million users worldwide and is rapidly growing.
What is the most suitable architecture to use in this scenario?

Amazon SNS Mobile Push Notifications have the ability to send push notification
messages directly to apps on mobile devices.
Push notification messages sent to a mobile endpoint can appear in the mobile app as message alerts,
badge updates, or even sound alerts.

Option 1 is incorrect because although a combination of On-Demand EC2 instances and
API Gateway can provide scalable computing system, it is wrong to use AWS AppSync for
push notification to mobile devices. You should use AWS SNS Mobile Push service instead.

Option 2 is incorrect because although it is correct to use Amazon Pinpoint to send push
notifications, RDS is not a suitable database for the mobile app because it is not as scalable
enough when processing data from various users around the globe, compared with DynamoDB.
Usually, mobile applications do not have complicated table relationships hence,
it is recommended to use NoSQL database like DynamoDB.

Option 3 is correct because SQS is a highly scalable, cost-effective solution for carrying out
utility tasks such as holding the location of millions of users.
In addition, it uses a highly scalable DynamoDB table and a cost-effective
AWS SNS Mobile Push service to send push notification messages directly to the mobile apps.

Option 4 is incorrect because AWS Device Farm is an app testing service and is not used to push
notifications to various mobile devices. It only lets you test and interact with your Android,
iOS, and web apps on many devices at once, or reproduce issues on a device in real time.
 
24. An online gambling site is hosted in two Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instances
inside a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in the same Availability Zone (AZ) but in different
subnets.
The first EC2 instance is running a database and the other EC2 instance is a
web application that fetches data from the database.
You are required to ensure that the two EC2 instances can connect with each other in order
for your application to work properly. You also need to track historical changes
to the security configurations associated
to your instances.

Which of the following options below can meet this requirement? (Choose 2)
Explanation
AWS provides two features that you can use to increase security in your VPC: security
groups and network ACLs. Security groups control inbound and outbound traffic for your
instances, and network ACLs control inbound and outbound traffic for your subnets.
In most cases, security groups can meet your needs; however, you can also use network
ACLs if you want an additional layer of security for your VPC.
AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the configurations
of your AWS resources.Config continuously monitors and records your AWS resource configurations
and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded configurations against desired configurations.
With Config, you can review changes in configurations and relationships between AWS resources,
dive into detailed resource configuration histories, and determine your overall compliance against
the configurations specified in your internal guidelines. This enables you to simplify compliance
auditing, security analysis, change management, and operational troubleshooting.
Option 2 is incorrect because Route 53 can't be used to connect two subnets. You should use
Network ACLs and Security Groups instead.
Option 3 is incorrect because neither a NAT instance nor an Internet gateway is needed for
the two EC2 instances to communicate.
Option 5 is incorrect because using AWS Systems Manager is not suitable to track historical
changes to the security configurations associated to your instances. You have to use AWS Config instead.

25.An online stock trading application is deployed to multiple Availability Zones in
the us-east-1 region (N. Virginia). Considering the massive financial transactions
that the trading application handles, the company to make sure that the system is
scalable, highly-available and disaster resilient.
In the event of failure, the Recovery Time Objective (RTO) must be less than 2 hours and
the Recovery Point Objective (RPO) must be 10 minutes to meet the compliance requirements
set by the regulators. In this scenario, which Disaster Recovery strategy can be used to achieve
the RTO and RPO requirements in the event of system failure?
Explanation
In this scenario, you have to use durable storage and database backups to satisfy
the RTO and RPO requirements. Hence, the correct answer is Option 2 as this solution
meets the 2 hour RTO as well as the 10-minute RPO requirement.
Option 1 is incorrect because an instance store volume is ephemeral and it is not
suitable to store the database backups.
Option 3 is wrong because the RTO is at least 3 hours, which means that Amazon Glacier
is not the ideal solution to use. Note that the standard retrieval time for Glacier is
3 to 5 hours and with that time, you will surely miss your RTO.
Option 4 is wrong because it provides a highly available architecture but it doesn't
provide any durable storage nor DB snapshots.

26. As a best practice in your company, all of the cloud-related deployments should not
be done manually but through the use of CloudFormation. All of the CloudFormation
templates should be treated as a code and hence, all of them are committed in a private GIT
repository. A senior DevOps engineer has recently left your team and your manager asked
you to take over his tasks and applications. One of the tasks that the outgoing DevOps
engineer is handling is a distributed system in AWS, in which the architecture is declared
in a template. The distributed system needs to be migrated to another VPC and you tried to
read the template to understand the AWS resources that the template will generate. While
analyzing the CloudFormation template, you stumbled upon this code below.

What does this code snippet do in CloudFormation?

 "SNSTopic" : {
 "Type" : "AWS::SNS::Topic",
 "Properties" : {
 "Subscription" : [{
 "Protocol" : "sqs",
 "Endpoint" : { "Fn::GetAtt" : [ "TutorialsDojoQueue", "Arn" ] }
 }]
 }

 Option 4 is the correct answer as the code snippet creates an SNS topic and then
adds a subscription using the ARN attribute name for the SQS resource, which is
created under the logical name "TutorialsDojoQueue" using the GetAtt intrinsic function.
Conversely, Options 1, 2 and 3 are all incorrect because these options incorrectly described what the code snippet does.
AWS CloudFormation provides several built-in functions that help you manage your
stacks, which are called "intrinsic functions". These functions can be used in your
templates to assign values to properties that are not available until runtime. You can
use intrinsic functions only in specific parts of a template. Currently, you can use intrinsic
functions in resource properties, outputs, metadata attributes, and update policy attributes.
You can also use intrinsic functions to conditionally create stack resources.
The Fn::GetAtt intrinsic function returns the value of an attribute from a resource in the template.
It has 2 parameters: the logicalNameOfResource and the attributeName. The logical name (also called logical ID)
of the resource contains the attribute that you want to use. The attributeName is the name of the resource-specific
attribute whose value you want utilize.


27. As part of the Corporate Social Responsibility of the tech company that you are working for,
your team has developed an online learning system for a public university. The application architecture
uses an Application Load Balancer infront of two On-Demand EC2 instances located in one Availability Zone.
The only remaining requirement is to secure the new site with HTTPS. Which of the following option is the
most cost-effective and easiest way to complete the online learning system?
With AWS Certificate Manager, you can generate public or private SSL/TLS certificates that you can use to secure your site.
You pay only for the AWS resources you create to run your application.
Public SSL/TLS certificates provisioned through AWS Certificate Manager are free.
For private certificates, the ACM Private Certificate Authority (CA) is priced along two dimensions:
1) You pay a monthly fee for the operation of each private CA until you delete it and
2) you pay for the private certificates you issue each month.
Public certificates generated from ACM can be used on Amazon CloudFront, Elastic Load Balancing,
or Amazon API Gateway but not directly on EC2 instances unlike private certificates.
Option 1 is correct in this scenario as a public certificate does not cost anything and
you can configure this certicate with the Application Load Balancer.

28. In a major investment bank at Wall Street, a developer requested for a temporary credential to access an S3 bucket.
You generated the temporary credential from STS and gave it to the developer.
However, your manager informed you that the credential you provided is too much and allows
the developer to access all AWS resources. What should you do to immediately revoke the
access you have recently given to the developer?

When you enable users to access the AWS Management Console with a long session duration
time (such as 12 hours), their temporary credentials do not expire as quickly. If users
inadvertently expose their credentials to an unauthorized third party, that party has access
for the duration of the session. However, you can immediately revoke all permissions to the
role's credentials issued before a certain point in time if you need to. All temporary credentials
for that role issued before the specified time becomes invalid. This forces all users to
reauthenticate and request new credentials.

29. In S3, data protection can be done while the data is in-transit or at rest.
Data protection in-transit simply means that the data should be secured while it travels
to and from Amazon S3 while data protection at rest means that the the stored data on disk
must be secured in Amazon S3 data centers. You can protect data in transit by using SSL or by
using client-side encryption. To secure data at rest, you can choose from a variety of available
Server-Side Encryption in S3. Which of the following best describes how Amazon S3-Managed Keys
(SSE-S3) encryption method works?
Server-side encryption with Amazon S3-managed encryption keys (SSE-S3) use strong
multi-factor encryption. Amazon S3 encrypts each object with a unique key. As an additional
safeguard, it encrypts the key itself with a master key that it rotates regularly. Amazon S3
server-side encryption uses one of the strongest block ciphers available, 256-bit Advanced Encryption
Standard (AES-256), to encrypt your data.
Option 1 is incorrect because SSE-S3 does not use API keys but rather encryption keys.
Option 3 is incorrect because customer master keys (CMKs) are being used in SSE-KMS and not in SSE-S3.
Option 4 is incorrect because SSE-S3 does not use a randomly generated data encryption key.

30. S.I.G.A Hackers United, a new international hacktivist group, has announced that
they will launch wide-scale cyber attacks such as SQL Injection, cross-site scripting (XSS)
and DDoS attacks, to multiple government websites which are hosted in AWS. You are hired as an
IT consultant to reinforce the security of these government websites. Which of the following
approach provides a cost-effective and scalable mitigation from cyber attacks?

In this scenario, the best option to use is a WAF instead of IDS/IPS, as it provides more protection
against common cyber attack patterns. IDS is mostly concerned about detection of unauthorized access and
IPS is basically similar to IDS, but provides a prevention mechanism for your network.

AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect your web applications from common web exploits
that could affect application availability, compromise security, or consume excessive resources.
AWS WAF gives you control over which traffic to allow or block to your web applications by defining
customizable web security rules. You can use AWS WAF to create custom rules that block common attack
patterns, such as SQL injection or cross-site scripting, and rules that are designed for your specific
application. New rules can be deployed within minutes, letting you respond quickly to changing traffic patterns.

Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) monitor networks and/or systems for malicious activity or policy violation,
and report them to systems administrators or to a security information and event management (SIEM) system.
Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS) are positioned behind firewalls and provide an additional layer of
security by scanning and analyzing suspicious content for potential threats. Placed in the direct
communication path, an IPS will take automatic action on suspicious traffic within the network.

Option 1 is incorrect as IDS alone is not enough to provide protection against cyber attacks.
It only detects malicious activities or policy violations in your network but it doesn't do anything about
those security flaws. WAF is a better option to choose for this scenario.

Option 2 is incorrect as IPS is also not enough to provide complete protection against cyber attacks.
It only prevents malicious activities or policy violations in your network and you need to have WAF to
fully secure your network. WAF is a better option to choose for this scenario.

Option 3 is correct as AWS WAF provides protection against common attack patterns, such as SQL injection,
DDoS or cross-site scripting.

Option 4 is incorrect as even though you have both IDS and IPS, you still need a WAF for better security
against cyber attacks.
