75. You are working as a Cloud Security Engineer in your company, and they asked you
to ensure that all confidential files shared via S3 cannot be accessed directly;
only through CloudFront. Which of these options could satisfy this requirement?

To restrict access to content that you serve from Amazon S3 buckets, you create CloudFront
signed URLs or signed cookies to limit access to files in your Amazon S3 bucket, and then
you create a special CloudFront user called an origin access identity (OAI) and associate
it with your distribution. Then you configure permissions so that CloudFront can use the OAI
to access and serve files to your users, but users can't use a direct URL to the S3 bucket
to access a file there. Taking these steps helps you maintain secure access to the files
that you serve through CloudFront.

In general, if you're using an Amazon S3 bucket as the origin for a CloudFront distribution,
you can either allow everyone to have access to the files there, or you can restrict access.
If you limit access by using, for example, CloudFront signed URLs or signed cookies,
you also won't want people to be able to view files by simply using the direct URL for
the file. Instead, you want them to only access the files by using the CloudFront URL,
so your protections work.
Typically, if you're using an Amazon S3 bucket as the origin for a CloudFront distribution,
you grant everyone permission to read the objects in your bucket. This allows anyone to access
your objects either through CloudFront or using the Amazon S3 URL. CloudFront doesn't expose
Amazon S3 URLs, but your users might have those URLs if your application serves any objects
directly from Amazon S3 or if anyone gives out direct links to specific objects in Amazon S3.

The option that says: Create an Origin Access Identity (OAI) and associate it with your
CloudFront distribution. Change the permissions on your Amazon S3 bucket so that only
the origin access identity has read permission is correct because it gives CloudFront
the exclusive access to S3 bucket, and prevents other users from accessing the public
content of S3 directly via S3 URL.
Writing an S3 bucket policy that assigns the CloudFront distribution ID as the Principal
and the target bucket as the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) is incorrect because creating a
bucket policy is unnecessary and it does not prevent other users from accessing the public
content of S3 directly via S3 URL.
Assigning an IAM user that is granted access to objects in the S3 bucket to CloudFront is
incorrect because it does not give CloudFront exclusive access to the S3 bucket.
Writing individual polices for each S3 bucket containing the confidential documents that
would grant CloudFront access is incorrect because you do not need to create any individual
policies for each bucket.


74. You are working for a shipping firm that has web applications running on their
data center. Their servers have a dependency on non-x86 hardware and they plan
to use AWS to scale their on-premises data storage. However, your backup application
is only able to write to POSIX-compatible block-based storage. There are a total of
1,000 TB of data files that need to be mounted to a single folder on your file server.
Existing users must also be able to access portions of this data while the backups are taking place.

In this scenario, what backup solution would be most appropriate?
Explanation
AWS Storage Gateway connects an on-premises software appliance with cloud-based
storage to provide seamless integration with data security features between your
 on-premises IT environment and the AWS storage infrastructure. You can use the
 service to store data in the AWS Cloud for scalable and cost-effective storage
 that helps maintain data security. Gateway-Cached volumes can support volumes of
 1,024TB in size, whereas Gateway-stored volume supports volumes of 512 TB size.
Provisioning Gateway Cached Volumes from AWS Storage Gateway is correct because it
supports volumes of up to 1,024 TB in size, and the frequently accessed data is
stored on the on-premises server while the entire data is backed up over AWS.
Using Amazon Glacier as the target for your data backups is incorrect because the
data stored in Amazon Glacier is not available immediately. Retrieval jobs typically
require 3-5 hours to complete.
Provisioning Gateway Stored Volumes from AWS Storage Gateway is incorrect
because gateway stored volumes can only store only 512 TB worth of data.
Using Amazon S3 as the target for your data backups is incorrect because
S3 is not ideal for POSIX compliant data.


73. 
