Lifecycle hooks enable you to perform custom actions by pausing instances as an
Auto Scaling group launches or terminates them. When an instance is paused, it
remains in a wait state either until you complete the lifecycle action using
the complete-lifecycle-action command or the CompleteLifecycleAction operation,
or until the timeout period ends (one hour by default).

For example, let's say that your newly launched instance completes its startup
sequence and a lifecycle hook pauses the instance. While the instance is in a
wait state, you can install or configure software on it, making sure that your
instance is fully ready before it starts receiving traffic. For another example
 of the use of lifecycle hooks, let's say that when a scale-in event occurs,
 the terminating instance is first deregistered from the load balancer (if the
 Auto Scaling group is being used with Elastic Load Balancing). Then, a lifecycle
 hook pauses the instance before it is terminated. While the instance is in the
 wait state, you can, for example, connect to the instance and download logs or
 other data before the instance is fully terminated.

 How lifecycle hooks work?

 After you add lifecycle hooks to your Auto Scaling group, they work as follows:

 1.The Auto Scaling group responds to scale-out events by launching instances
 and scale-in events by terminating instances.


 2. The lifecycle hook puts the instance into a wait state (Pending:Wait or Terminating:Wait).
    The instance is paused until you continue or the timeout period ends.

3. You can perform a custom action using one or more of the following options:
   Define an EventBridge target to invoke a Lambda function when a lifecycle action occurs.
   The Lambda function is invoked when Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling submits an event for
   a lifecycle action to EventBridge. The event contains information about the
   instance that is launching or terminating, and a token that you can use to
   control the lifecycle action.
   Define a notification target for the lifecycle hook. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
   sends a message to the notification target. The message contains information
   about the instance that is launching or terminating, and a token that you can
   use to control the lifecycle action.
   Create a script that runs on the instance as the instance starts. The script
   can control the lifecycle action using the ID of the instance on which it runs.

  5. By default, the instance remains in a wait state for one hour, and then the
  Auto Scaling group continues the launch or terminate process (Pending:Proceed or
  Terminating:Proceed). If you need more time, you can restart the timeout period by
  recording a heartbeat. If you finish before the timeout period ends, you can complete
  the lifecycle action, which continues the launch or termination process.

  
