How work DHCP ?

Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol
Client>>>Discover>>Server>>OFFER>>Client>>>Request>>>Server>>Acknowledge

D (Discover), O (Offer), R (Request), and A (Acknowledgment)

DHCP Address Allocation Methods:

Static allocation
In this method, the administrator configures an allocation table on the DHCP server.
In this table, the administrator fills the MAC addresses of all clients and assigns an IP configuration to each client.

The DHCP server uses the allocation table to provide an IP configuration.
When a client requests an IP configuration, the DHCP server checks the table and finds a match.
If the DHCP server finds a match, the DHCP server offers the IP configuration that is associated with
the MAC address of the client in the match.


Dynamic allocation
In this method, the administrator configures a range of IP addresses on the DHCP server.
The DHCP server assigns an IP configuration from the configured range to each client that
requests an IP configuration.

In this method, the DHCP offers the IP configuration only for a specific time.
This specific time is known as a lease. The IP configuration remains valid until
the lease duration is over. Once the lease period is over, the client is required
to obtain a new IP configuration from the server.


Automatic allocation
Same as the dynamic method, in this method, the administrator also configures a
range of IP addresses on the DHCP server and the DHCP server assigns an IP configuration
from the configured range to each client that requests an IP configuration.

Unlike the dynamic method, in this method, the DHCP server assigns IP configuration permanently.
To assigns an IP configuration permanently, the DHCP server sets the lease duration to infinite.
 As a result, once the DHCP server chooses an IP configuration from the pool and assigns the IP
 configuration to a client, the IP configuration remains with that same client indefinitely.

The DHCP employs a connectionless service model, using the User Datagram Protocol (UDP).
It is implemented with two UDP port numbers for its operations which are the same as for
the bootstrap protocol (BOOTP). UDP port number 67 is the destination port of a server,
and UDP port number 68 is used by the client.

Reserved addresses:
0 Network address
1 VPC router
2 Reserved for DNS
3 Future use
255 Broadcast address
