
Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (Amazon EKS) is a fully managed
service that makes it easy for you to use Kubernetes on AWS without having to be
an expert in managing Kubernetes clusters.

You have to install and operate the Kubernetes master and configure a cluster
of Kubernetes workers. In order to achieve high availability in you Kubernetes
clusters, you have to run at least three Kubernetes masters across different AZs.
Each master needs to be configured to talk to each, reliably share information,
load balance, and failover to the other masters if one experiences a failure.
Then once you have it all set up and running you still have to deal with upgrades
and patches of the masters and workers software. This all requires a good deal of
operational expertise and effort, and customers asked us to make this easier.

Amazon EKS runs the upstream version of the open-source Kubernetes software,
so you can use all the existing plugins and tooling from the Kubernetes community.
Applications running on Amazon EKS are fully compatible with applications running
on any standard Kubernetes environment, whether running in on-premises datacenters or
public clouds. This means that you can easily migrate your Kubernetes application to
Amazon EKS with zero code changes. Second, Amazon EKS automatically runs K8s with three
masters across three AZs to protect against a single point of failure. This multi-AZ
architecture delivers resiliency against the loss of an AWS Availability Zone.

Third, Amazon EKS also automatically detects and replaces unhealthy masters, and it
provides automated version upgrades and patching for the masters. Last, Amazon EKS is
integrated with a number of key AWS features such as Elastic Load Balancing for
load distribution, IAM for authentication, Amazon VPC for isolation, AWS PrivateLink
for private network access, and AWS CloudTrail for logging.


Amazon EKS integrates IAM authentication with Kubernetes RBAC (the native role based access control
system for Kubernetes) through a collaboration with Heptio.


You can assign RBAC roles directly to each IAM entity allowing you to granularly
control access permissions to your Kubernetes masters. This allows you to easily
manage your Kubernetes clusters using standard Kubernetes tools, such as kubectl.


You can also use PrivateLink if you want to access your Kubernetes masters directly
from your own Amazon VPC. With PrivateLink, your Kubernetes masters and the Amazon
EKS service endpoint appear as an elastic network interface with private IP addresses
in your Amazon VPC.
This allows you to access the Kubernetes masters and the Amazon EKS service directly
from within your own Amazon VPC, without using public IP addresses or requiring the
traffic to traverse the internet.
Finally, we also built an open source CNI plugin that anyone can use with their
Kubernetes clusters on AWS. This allows you to natively use Amazon VPC networking
with your Kubernetes pods.
