A prefix list is a set of one or more CIDR blocks. There are two types of prefix lists:

AWS-managed prefix list — Represents the IP address ranges for an AWS service.
You can reference an AWS-managed prefix list in your VPC security group rules and
in subnet route table entries. For example, you can reference an AWS-managed prefix
list in an outbound VPC security group rule when connecting to an AWS service through
a gateway VPC endpoint. You cannot create, modify, share, or delete an AWS-managed prefix list.

Customer-managed prefix list — A set of IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR blocks that you define
and manage. You can reference the prefix list in your VPC security group rules
and in subnet route table entries. This enables you to manage the IP addresses
that you frequently use for these resources in a single group, instead of
repeatedly referencing the same IP addresses in each resource. You can share
your prefix list with other AWS accounts, enabling those accounts to reference
the prefix list in their own resources.

Prefix lists concepts and rules
A prefix list consists of entries. Each entry consists of a CIDR block and,
optionally, a description for the CIDR block.

The following rules apply to customer-managed prefix lists:

When you create a prefix list, you must specify the maximum number of entries
that the prefix list can support. You cannot modify the maximum number of entries later.

When you reference a prefix list in a resource, the maximum number of entries
for the prefix lists counts as the same number of rules or entries for the resource.
 For example, if you create a prefix list with a maximum of 20 entries and you
 reference that prefix list in a security group rule, this counts as 20 rules
 for the security group.

You can modify a prefix list by adding or removing entries, or by changing its name.

A prefix list supports a single type of IP addressing only (IPv4 or IPv6).
You cannot combine IPv4 and IPv6 CIDR blocks in a single prefix list.

There are quotas related to prefix lists. For more information, see Amazon VPC quotas.

When you reference a prefix list in a route table, route priority rules apply.
For more information, see Route priority for prefix lists.
