Main route table:
Custom route table:

Each subnet must be associated with a route table, which specifies the allowed
routes for outbound traffic leaving the subnet. Every subnet that you create
is automatically associated with the main route table for the VPC.
We can change the association, and you can change the contents of the main route table.
Each subnet in your VPC must be associated with a route table. A subnet
can be explicitly associated with custom route table, or implicitly or explicitly associated with the main route table.
A route table contains a set of rules, called routes, that are used to
determine where network traffic from your subnet or gateway is directed.


Route table concepts
The following are the key concepts for route tables.

Main route table—The route table that automatically comes with your VPC.
It controls the routing for all subnets that are not explicitly associated with any other route table.

Custom route table—A route table that you create for your VPC.

Edge association - A route table that you use to route inbound VPC traffic to an appliance.
You associate a route table with the internet gateway or virtual private gateway, and specify
the network interface of your appliance as the target for VPC traffic.

Route table association—The association between a route table and a subnet, internet gateway, or virtual private gateway.

Subnet route table—A route table that's associated with a subnet.

Gateway route table—A route table that's associated with an internet gateway or virtual private gateway.

Local gateway route table—A route table that's associated with an Outposts local gateway.
For information about local gateways, see Local Gateways in the AWS Outposts User Guide.

Destination—The range of IP addresses where you want traffic to go (destination CIDR).
For example, an external corporate network with a 172.16.0.0/12 CIDR.

Propagation—Route propagation allows a virtual private gateway to automatically
 propagate routes to the route tables. This means that you don't need to manually
  enter VPN routes to your route tables. For more information about VPN routing options,
  see Site-to-Site VPN routing options in the Site-to-Site VPN User Guide.

Target—The gateway, network interface, or connection through which to send the destination traffic; for example, an internet gateway.

Local route—A default route for communication within the VPC.
