The central component of Amazon EMR is the cluster. A cluster is a collection of
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances. Each instance in the cluster is called a node.
Each node has a role within the cluster, referred to as the node type. Amazon EMR also installs different
software components on each node type,
giving each node a role in a distributed application like Apache Hadoop.


The node types in Amazon EMR are as follows:

Master node: A node that manages the cluster by running software components to coordinate
the distribution of data and tasks among other nodes for processing. The master node tracks
the status of tasks and monitors the health of the cluster. Every cluster has a master node,
and it's possible to create a single-node cluster with only the master node.

Core node: A node with software components that run tasks and store data in the Hadoop
Distributed File System (HDFS) on your cluster. Multi-node clusters have at least one core node.

Task node: A node with software components that only runs tasks and does not store data in HDFS.
Task nodes are optional.

The following diagram represents a cluster with one master node and four core nodes.

Submitting Work to a Cluster
When you run a cluster on Amazon EMR, you have several options as to how you specify the work that
needs to be done.

Provide the entire definition of the work to be done in functions that you specify as steps when you
create a cluster. This is typically done for clusters that process a set amount of data and then terminate
when processing is complete.

Create a long-running cluster and use the Amazon EMR console, the Amazon EMR API, or the AWS CLI to submit
steps, which may contain one or more jobs. For more information, see Submit Work to a Cluster.

Create a cluster, connect to the master node and other nodes as required using SSH, and use the interfaces
that the installed applications provide to perform tasks and submit queries, either scripted or interactively.
For more information, see the Amazon EMR Release Guide.
