Depending on the type of workload, you can create a placement group using one of the following placement strategies:

Cluster – packs instances close together inside an Availability Zone. This strategy enables workloads
to achieve the low-latency network performance necessary for tightly-coupled node-to-node communication
that is typical of HPC applications.

Partition – spreads your instances across logical partitions such that groups of instances in one partition
do not share the underlying hardware with groups of instances in different partitions. This strategy is
typically used by large distributed and replicated workloads, such as Hadoop, Cassandra, and Kafka.

Spread – strictly places a small group of instances across distinct underlying hardware to reduce correlated failures.


Cluster placement groups
A cluster placement group is a logical grouping of instances within a single Availability Zone.
A cluster placement group can span peered VPCs in the same Region. Instances in the same cluster
placement group enjoy a higher per-flow throughput limit for TCP/IP traffic and are placed in the
same high-bisection bandwidth segment of the network.

Cluster placement groups are recommended for applications that benefit from low network latency,
high network throughput, or both. They are also recommended when the majority of the network
traffic is between the instances in the group.

Use a single launch request to launch the number of instances that you need in the placement group.

Use the same instance type for all instances in the placement group.


Partition placement groups:
Partition placement groups help reduce the likelihood of correlated hardware failures for your application.
When using partition placement groups, Amazon EC2 divides each group into logical segments called partitions.
Amazon EC2 ensures that each partition within a placement group has its own set of racks.
Each rack has its own network and power source. No two partitions within a placement group share the same racks,
allowing you to isolate the impact of hardware failure within your application.


Spread placement groups
A spread placement group is a group of instances that are each placed on distinct racks,
with each rack having its own network and power source.

The following image shows seven instances in a single Availability Zone that are placed
into a spread placement group. The seven instances are placed on seven different racks.
