1. What are some reasons you might want to use a NAT Instance over a NAT Gateway?
   NAT Instances allow you to detach and attach EIPs while NAT Gateways do not allow you to detach.
   NAT Instances can use security groups as they are just EC2 instances. NAT Instances also can be
   configured to support port forwarding while NAT Gateways do not support this.
   You want to allow public Internet initiated connections to your private instances.

2. You are building an application hosted on AWS for a customer. The customer
   has a very old firewall that can only whitelist external destinations via IP
   address only. Which solution could you use?

3. You have the app currently hosted in three regions around the globe and you have defined
   Route 53 Geolocation routing to route people to the nearest region. Some customers
   complain that they are not able to access the service. What could be the cause?
   You need to ensure that you have a default route in addition to other geolocation routes.
   For geolocation routing, you need to be sure you have a default route in the case that the location cannot be determined.

4. In an effort to increase security, you have updated the NACLs for your VPC subnets to only
  allow inbound port 22 from the public Internet and deny all outbound traffic. Now,
  you are unable to SSH into your instance from the internet where you could before.
  Assuming nothing else has changed, What is the reason?
  You need to allow outbound traffic for TCP ports between 1025 to 65535.
  Ephemeral ports are required to allow the server to communicate back to the client. You would change the NACL since nothing else changed.


5. What networking components will allow IPv6 data to communicate between a VPC and the Internet?
   Only two components allow VPC to Internet communication using IPv6 addresses and those are "Internet Gateways"
   (inbound) and "Egress-Only Internet Gateways" (outbound). "NAT Instances" and "NAT Gateways" explicitly do not
   support IPv6 traffic and a "Direct Connection" carries data between a Data Centre and an AWS VPC, but does not travel over the Internet.


6. Which of these statements on Direct Connect are False ?
   Direct Connect connections consist of a single connection between your network and AWS with no inherent redundancy.
   Additionally, traffic coming from on-prem via a Direct Connect connect is restricted from internet access.

7. You notice that you cannot ping an EC2 instance that you recently started in a public subnet. What could be the problem?
   The security group does not allow inbound ICMP traffic.

8. What is the purpose of an Egress-Only Internet Gateway?
   Allows VPC based IPv6 traffic to communicate to the Internet
   Prevents IPv6 based Internet resources initiating a connection into a VPC

9. Which of the following DNS record types does Route 53 not support?


10. What might I consider to decrease the likelihood that multiple EC2 instances are impacted by some sort of underlying hardware failure in AWS?
    Spread Placement Groups



11.You want to allow your VPC instances to resolve using on-prem DNS. Can you do this and how/why?
   Yes, by configuring a DHCP Option Set to issue your on-prem DNS IP to VPC clients.
