1. How to set policies on a Glacier vault such as retention or enforcing MFA before delete?
   Glacier Vault Lock

2. what is ACID compliance model?
   The ACID consistency model is Atomic, Consistent, Isolated and Durable.

3. You have decided to use EFS for sharing files across many EC2 instances and you want to
   be able to tolerate an AZ failure. You should:

   As of December 2016, the common mount target name of an EFS file system will
   resolve to its local mount target in each AZ. So, you only need to create mount
   targets in each AZ within the same subnet as the EC2 instances then use the common FQDN.



4. Which of the following data formats does Amazon Athena support?
   Amazon Athena is an interactive query service that makes it easy to analyse
   data in Amazon S3, using standard SQL commands. It will work with a number of
   data formats including "JSON", "Apache Parquet", "Apache ORC" amongst others,
   but "XML" is not a format that is supported.


5.  You need to improve performance of queries to your DynamoDB table.
    The most common queries do not use the partition key. What should you do?

    Create a Global Secondary Index with the most common queried attribute as the hash key:
    A global secondary index can be used to speed up queries against non-primary key items.
    A local secondary index, on the other hand, must retain the partition key of the table.
    Hash key is another term for partition key.


6. What DynamoDB features can be utilised to increase the speed of read operations?

   Secondary Indexes, DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX)
   Whilst there are many ways can tune DynamoDB to meet the performance needs of specific
   operations, the options specified which will give the greatest speed increase for reads are;
   "Secondary Indexes", which contain a subset of attributes from a table, and an
   alternate key for Queries and "DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX)" which works as an
   in-memory cache in front of DynamoDB. Encryption At Rest encrypts data stored in a DynamoDB
   table, whilst Streams provide a time ordered sequence of item level changes that are also
   de-duplicated. Streams and Encryption will not speed up DynamoDB.


7. As part of disaster recovery preparation, you have decided to maintain a
  replica of your on-site data on AWS S3 using Storage Gateway. Which mode should you use?

  Gateway Stored Volume Mode, or Volume Gateway Stored Mode as its also called, would be
   a way to maintain a full local copy of the data and have it replicated asynchronously to S3.



8. Which of database approaches would be best for storing and analyzing the
   complex interpersonal relationships of people involved in organized crime?

   Graph databases are best a storing complex relationship data and AWS Neptune
   is a graph database. While other options might be able to work, none would work as
   well as a true graph database and we can run such a database like SAP HANA or Neo4j on EC2.

9. Amazon Elasticache can fulfil a number of roles. Choose the operations from the
   following list which can be implemented using Elasticache for Redis.

   Pub/Sub, Sorted Sets, In-Memory Data Store

  10. You are trying to decide on what product you should select for your
    in-memory cache needs. You require support for encryption. Which should you choose?

    ElastiCache Redis

  11. You are architecting a complex application landscape that values fast disk I/O for
     EC2 instances above everything else. Which storage option would you choose?
     Instance Store, because it is locally attached, provides the fastest disk
     I/O among the choices. Note the question did not specify the need for the storage
     to be persistent so ephemeral options are in play too.

13. Because of regulatory requirements, certain areas of your organization can only use certain regions. Which is
    the BEST way to implement this control?
    ACLs and Resource-based policies apply to assets and not users or groups. Identity-based policies using the
    aws:RequestedRegion condition key could do the job but since we are trying to control at the OU level, an SCP
    would require less management and localized care. We can use a DENY with StringNotEqualsIfExists conditional
    against aws:ReqeustedRegion for allowed regions.

14. You are creating a mobile app that needs secure access to AWS resources. What is the best way to do this?
    For mobile apps, AWS recommends using the Cognito SDK for managing temporary credentials.

15. Your client recently failed a security audit because they had username and passwords hard-coded in a script which
    runs on an EC2 instance. Which of the following is a way to remediate?
    Store credentials in an encrypted file on S3 and create an IAM role with access assigning it to the EC2 instance.

16. Which are characteristics of OAuth 2.0?
    OAuth 2.0 provides authorization only and issues tokens to clients.
    It is best suited to API authorization between apps rather than SSO.

17. Your client is trying to setup SSO for on-prem employees into AWS via a trust relationship with Simple AD but its not working. What is
    the most likely cause?
    Simple AD does not support trust relationships with other domains.

18. Which of the following would be the most effective way of dealing with Layer 7 DDoS attacks?
    The challenge with layer 7 detection is telling an attack from normal user traffic. CloudFront in
    conjunction with AWS WAF can be an effective way to create DDoS resilience at Layer 7. Network Load Balancers
    are NACLs are Layer 4 solutions, and would have no visibility of Layer 7 DDoS. CloudTrail and GuardDuty are focused
    on the security of the AWS account, and would not be suitable in isolation for securing at Layer 7

19. Your client is trying to setup SSO for on-prem employees into AWS via a trust relationship with Simple AD but its
    not working. What is the most likely cause?


20. Which of the following AWS services allow native encryption of data, while at rest?
