1. An electromagnetic pulse (EMP) from a sun flare takes out the electrical grid. What type of disaster is this?
   Data Induced
  Failure of utilities or adverse environmental conditions are considered Infrastructure disasters.


2. You are reviewing the disaster recovery plan for a client. Which of the following statements would you suggest your client review?
   Because Aurora PostgreSQL cannot support regional failover, we must manually promote a remote Read Replica in the case of a regional failure.

3. For a new EC2 file server, you want RAID fault-tolerance for 1 TB of data. Which option should you choose?
   RAID1 with two EBS volumes of not less than 1 TB each.

4. Which of the following provide the highest write performance?

RAID0, sometimes known as striping, provides the highest write performance of
these options because writes are distributed across disks and no parity is required.

5. What is the relationship between RPO and BC?
   Recovery Point Objective will define the potential for data loss during a disaster.
   This can inform an expectation of manual data re-entry for BC planners.
   RPO provides an expectation of potential manual data re-entry for recovery plans.

6. Your client has defined an RPO and RTO of 24 hours for their 2GB database. What general approach would you
    recommend to fulfill these requirements most cost-effectively?
    Backup and Restore
    With the relatively small data size and generous RTO/RPO, a simple backup and restore process would work well.

7. You need an in-memory cache but you want it to be able to survive an AZ failure. Which option is best?
   Elasticache for Redis

8. Which is false about Redshift in the context of fault tolerance?
   Redshift multi-node clusters are multi-AZ by default.

9. Your client is seeking recommendations to help reduce the risk of underlying hardware failure on AWS. Which might you recommend?
   Make use spread placement groups
   Make use of horizontal scaling over vertical scaling where possible

10.Creating a new AMI, assigning it to a new Launch Configuration and then updating an existing Auto Scaling Group is an example of this upgrade method:
   Disposable Upgrade
  A Disposable Upgrade is one were a new release is deployed on new instances while instances containing the old version are terminated.

11. You are responsible for managing landscapes in multiple regions. You want to use OpsWorks Stacks to
    help in that management. Which of the following are false?
    OpsWorks allows you to clone stacks within the same region and to other regions.

12. You are helping a customer build a CloudFormation template. During the stack creation,
   you need to get a software license key from a third-party via API call. What resource would you use?
    AWS::CloudFormation::CustomResource
    There are a few ways to call an API but among these choices, AWS:CloudFormation::CustomResource
    is the only one that can be used to call out to fetch a value from a third-party API.

13. Which of these are NOT benefits of Continuous Delivery?
    Automated software releases to production

14. Your organization does not have a good software QA process in place and its difficult to
    anticipate how your app will perform in production. What deployment method presents the lowest risk in this situation?
    Canary Release
15. Which AWS service can help orchestration of a continuous delivery process?
   AWS CodePipeline
   AWS CodePipeline is a continuous delivery service that enables you to model, visualize, and automate the steps required to release your software.

  16. Your company has strict change management processes in place that require extensive review of potential
       impacts of changes. What CloudFormation feature would be useful for this?
      Change Sets

  17. Your client has decided to use Elastic Beanstalk to facilitate deployments.
      They want shortest deployment time above all other considerations. Which deployment option should they choose?
      All at Once
