1. Consolidated Billing offers what potential economy-of-scale benefit?
   Leveraging tiered pricing.
   Consolidated Billing allows you to potentially realize lower prices on some services with tiered pricing.

2. What is the primary AWS value proposition around cost?
   AWS offers agility without large upfront investments.


3. Which of the following is not a feature of AWS Organizations?
   Granular configuration of Security Groups within a VPC

4. Your application has to process a very volatile inconsistent flow of data inbound
   in order. Which of the following options would be most reliable and cost-effective?

   Use SQS to receive the inbound messages and use a single reserved instance to process them.

5. Your company is evaluating the financial implications of a cloud migration. What should be your first step?
   Get a clear understanding of current costs

6. You have some extra unused RIs in one AZ but need in another AZ. If you want to make use of them in the other AZ, what can you do?
   Regional RIs are not specific to an AZ and can be consumed across a region. Zonal RIs can be modified for
   use in another AZ using the console of ModifyReserveInstances API.

7. Which statement is true about Dedicated Instances and Dedicated Hosts?
   Dedicated Hosts reserve capacity because you are paying for the whole physical
   server that cannot be allocated to anyone else. Dedicated Instances are available
   as on-demand, reserved and spot instances.


8. Which of these services can most directly help with right sizing your landscape?
   Right sizing is using the lowest cost resource that still meets the technical specifications
   of a specific workload. CloudWatch and Trusted Advisor are the most direct tools for this.


9. Choose the features of Consolidated Billing.

 10. What expectation should you NOT set with your stakeholders about a cloud migration?
     Overall costs will decrease as soon as we start using cloud assets.


11. Which statement is true about Dedicated Instances and Dedicated Hosts?
Dedicated Instances can run as spot instances.
Dedicated Hosts reserve capacity.


12. 
