1. You have decided to migrate your on-prem legacy Informix database to Amazon Aurora.
   How might this be facilitated most efficiently?

   Manually create the target schema on Aurora then use Data Pipeline with JDBC to move the data.

2. Which of the following native AWS services does not support a VPC endpoint connection?
   Amazon MQ
   A VPC endpoint enables you to connect to certain AWS services without the data travelling over the Internet.
   This is done by routing the traffic within the Amazon VPC network. "API Gateway", "Kinesis Data Streams" and
   "DynamoDB" are all services that can be connected to via VPC endpoints, however the "Amazon MQ" service is
   currently only available by using an Internet Gateway.

3. You just completed setup of your Direct Connect connection to AWS and want to transition over
   from your VPN but leave the VPN as a backup. What are some tasks to be done for minimal disruption?

   Configure both the VPN and Direct Connect with the same BGP prefix.
   Update BGP weighting on your customer-side router to a higher weight than the VPN connection.

   Both the VPN and Direct Connect paths have to have the same BGP prefix to dynamically route among themselves.
   Using BGP you should also configure route priorities from on-prem to AWS to make use of Direct
   Connect as primary and VPN as secondary.


4. Given a VPC CIDR of 10.0.0.0/16 and subnet CIDR block of 10.0.0.0/24, what would you expect the DNS address to be for DHCP clients in that
   subnet given default settings?
   10.0.0.2
   The IP address of the DNS in a VPC is always the base of the subnet range plus two.


5. Which is not part of a component of the Cloud Adoption Framework?
   Reinvent business processes to take advantage of new capabilities.
   The Cloud Adoption Framework focuses on the early stages of cloud adoption.
   Therefore, any reinvention of business processes is not inherently considered part of the CAF.

6. You are evaluating a technical migration plan for a customer. Which of the following project assumptions is incorrect?
   We can replicate our Linux, Windows and Solaris VMs, syncing volumes and creating periodic AMIs.

10. You are migrating from an Oracle on-prem database to an Oracle RDS database. Which of these describes this migration properly?
     Homogenous migration
    A homogeneous migration is when we migrate between the same databases.
20. Your client is contemplating migration to a hybrid architecture over the next year.
    What preparation tasks would you suggest that would be directly tied to supporting this migration?
    While all these might contribute to a high-performing IT organization, accurate inventory, loosely couple patterns
    and accurate TCO all will help contribute to evaluating a cloud migration.

21. Which of the following options allows users to have secure access to private files located in S3?
    CloudFront Signed Cookies
    CloudFront Origin Access Identity
    CloudFront Signed URLs

    There are three options in the question which can be used to secure access to files stored in S3 and
    therefore can be considered correct. Signed URLs and Signed Cookies are different ways to ensure that
    users attempting access to files in an S3 bucket can be authorized. One method generates URLs and the
    other generates special cookies but they both require the creation of an application and policy to
    generate and control these items. An Origin Access Identity on the other hand, is a virtual user identity
    that is used to give the CloudFront distribution permission to fetch a private object from an S3 bucket.
    Public S3 buckets should never be used unless you are using the bucket to host a public website and therefore
    this is an incorrect option.

    22. Which migration strategy generally has the least cost for an enterprise?
       Retire
       Retiring, or sunsetting, an asset usually is the least-cost option. The Do-Nothing option, or
       Retain, still incurs holding and operational costs. There are exceptions to this where exit costs
       are present such as penalties for breaking a contract or disposal costs. However, the soft cost
        savings often offsets the hard retirement costs.
23. You want to gradually migrate data directly from an on-prem RAID10 file server to S3 without moving
     it to other storage first. Which of these would you use?
     You can use AWS CLI and the S3 sync or cp commands to move data from an existing share to S3. However,
     using Storage Gateway would require you to first move the data over from the RAID10 volume to the volumes
     hosted under Storage Gateway.
