1. The company policy says that they must maintain a centralized logging repository but localized security
    management. For economic efficiency, they also require all sub-account charges to roll up under one invoice.
    Which of the following solutions most efficiently addresses these requirements?

    Service Control Policies are an effective way to broadly restrict access to certain features of sub-accounts.
    Use of a single separate logging account is an effective way to create a secure logging repository

    Create a stand-alone consolidated logging account and configure all sub-account CloudWatch and CloudTrail activity
    to route to that account. Use an SCP to restrict sub-accounts from changing CloudWatch and CloudTrail configuration.
    Configure consolidated billing under a single account and register all sub-accounts to that billing account.
    Create localized IAM Admin accounts for each sub-account.


2. A food service business has begun an initiative to migrate all applications and data to the AWS cloud.
   Governance needs to be established before any migrations can occur. Business units such as sales, marketing,
   and product management have fluctuating infrastructure capacity and security requirements, while other business
   units like finance, operations, and human resources have more static demand. Security policies and compliance
   needs vary by project group within each business units. Each business unit is responsible for it's own cost
   center, and the finance group would like cost reporting to be as streamlined as possible. Which AWS account
   structure will best satisfy the company's governance needs?

   Use AWS Organizations to create a core Organizational Unit that contains a billing account, a shared services account,
   and a log archive account. Create an Organizational Unit for each business unit that contains accounts for each project
   group within the business unit. Establish standard tags to sort the AWS Detailed Billing report by cost center

   Leveraging AWS Organizations to manage an account structure with a core Organizational Unit and Organizational Units
   for each business unit provides flexibility for future organizational changes. Creating an account for each project
   group facilitates security policy differences within business units, and limits the exposure of a single security event.
   Managing differing security requirements by project group in a single account will require more governance maintenance.
   Creating billing, shared services, and log archive accounts in multiple Organizational Units will result in duplication
   of services, and can be done at the core level.



3. AWS Cost Management encompasses a number of services to help you to organize, control and optimize your AWS costs and usage.
  Which of the following Cost Management related tools gives you the ability to set alerts when costs or usage are exceeded?

  AWS Budgets

  The correct answer is AWS Budgets. AWS Cost Explorer lets you visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time.
  AWS Cost & Usage Report lists AWS usage for each service category used by an account and its IAM users and finally, Reserved
  Instance Reporting provides a number of RI-specific cost management solutions to help you better understand and manage RI Utilization
  and Coverage. AWS Budgets


  4. You notice that there are several existing roles called role-engineer, role-manager, role-qa, role-dba, role-data-scientist, etc.
   When a new person joins the company, the new IAM user simply assumes the right role while using AWS - this allows central management
   of permissions and eliminates the need to manage permissions on a per-user basis. A new QA hire joins the company a few days later.
   You create an IAM User for her. You attach a Policy to the new IAM User that allows Action STS AssumeRole on any Resource. However,
   when this employee logs in the same day and tries to switch roles to role-qa, she is denied and is unable to assume the role-qa Role.
   What could be one reason why this is happening and how can it be best fixed?

   You have not modified the Trust Policy of the IAM Role role-qa to allow the new IAM User to assume the Role. To fix this, add the arn of
   the new IAM User to the Principal element of the Trust Policy of the Role

   In order to allow an IAM User to successfully assume an IAM Role, two things must happen. First, the Policy attached to the User must allow
   the action STS AssumeRole. This is already true according to the question. Second, the Trust Policy of the Role itself must allow the User
   in question to assume the Role. This second condition can be met if we specify the arn of the User in the Principal element of the Trust
   Policy. In general, this question can be answered if the candidate is familiar with the concept of Principal in a Role, see link - A
   Principal within an Amazon IAM Role specifies the user (IAM user, federated user, or assumed-role user), AWS account, AWS service, or
   other principal entity that is allowed or denied to assume or impersonate that Role. Trust Policy is different than the Policy permissions
   - think of Policy Permissions as [what can be accessed] and Trust Policy as [who can access]. Trust Policy cannot belong to an IAM User,
   hence the choice that claims the problem to be an unmodified User Trust Policy is incorrect. IAM changes are instantly effective, so the
   choice that points at the need of a time delay is also incorrect. Among the other two choices, the knowledge needed to pick the right one
   is an awareness of the Principal element. AWS JSON Policy Elements - Principal IAM Roles


   5. A company owns multiple AWS accounts managed in an AWS Organization. You need to generate daily cost and usage reports that include the
      activities of all the member accounts. The reports should track the AWS usage for each resource type and provide estimated charges.
      The report files also need to be delivered to an Amazon S3 bucket for storage. How would you create the required reports?

      In the master account of the AWS Organization, generate the AWS Cost and Usage Reports and save the reports in an S3 bucket.
      Modify the bucket policy to allow the billing reports service to put objects.

      The consolidated billing feature in AWS Organization does not generate billing reports automatically. You need to configure the AWS
      Cost and Usage Reports in the master account and use an S3 bucket to store the reports. The generated reports include activities for
      all the member accounts and it is not required to create a report in each member's account. The option of CloudWatch Event rule and
      Lambda function may work however it is not a straightforward solution. AWS Cost and Usage Report



  7. You are helping a client design their AWS network for the first time. They have a fleet of servers that
      run a very precise and proprietary data analysis program. It is highly dependent on keeping the system time across the
      servers in sync. As a result, the company has invested in a high-precision stratum-0 atomic clock and network appliance which
      all servers sync to using NTP. They would like any new AWS-based EC2 instances to also be in sync as close as possible to the
      on-prem atomic clock as well. What is the most cost-effective, lowest maintenance way to design for this requirement?

      Configure a DHCP Option Set with the on-prem NTP server address and assign it to each VPC. Ensure NTP (UDP port 123) is allowed
      between AWS and your on-prem network.

      8. For large organizationally complex AWS landscapes, it is considered a best practice to combine a tagging strategy with lifecycle
         tracking of various projects to identify orphaned resources that are no longer generating value for the organization and should be
         decommissioned. With which AWS Well-Architected Framework Pillar is this best practice most aligned?

         Tagging has many uses but one strong use-case is in being able to tie resources that incur costs with cost centers or projects to create a direct
          line of sight to actual AWS expenses. If this visibility does not exist, costs tend to increase because "someone else is paying."
           A Best Practice of the Cost Optimization Pillar is to maintain expenditure awareness. AWS Well-Architected - Build secure, efficient,
           cloud enabled applications


    9. A client has asked you to help troubleshoot a Service Control Policy. Upon reviewing the policy, you notice that they have used multiple
       "Statement" elements for each Effect/Action/Resource object but the policy is not working. What would you suggest next?
         Change the policy to combine the multiple Statement elements into one element with an object array.

      10. You work for a genetics company that has extremely large datasets stored in S3. You need to minimize storage costs,
         while maintaining mandated restore times that depend on the age of the data. Data 30-59 days old must be available immediately,
         and data ≥ 60 days old must be available within 12 hours. Which of the following options below should you consider?

         You should use S3 - IA for the data that needs to be accessed immediately, and you should use Glacier for the data that must be
         recovered within 12 hours. S3 - RRS and 1Zone-IA would not be suitable solution for irreplaceable data or data that required
         immediate access (reduced Durability or Availability), and CloudFront is a CDN service, not a storage solution. The use of absolute
         words like 'Must' is an important clue as it will eliminate options where the case may not be possible such as with OneZone-IA. S3 -
          Infrequent Access About Glacier
