Senario: Automate

Set up Amazon Inspector to check EC2 instances for security vulnerabilities.
If need to update packages, will create SNS topic, SNS triggers Lambda function.
Lambda Function updates packages over AWS System Manager.



1. EC2 Instance Role
   Policy: arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonSSMFullAccess
2. Lambda Execution Role
   Policies:
  arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AmazonSSMFullAccess
  arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AWSLambdaBasicExecutionRole
3. Create an SNS Topic:
4. Grant the regional Inspector account permission to publish to the SNS topic.
5. Lambda Function:
    lambda-auto-remediate.py

6. The Lambda function will automatically patch EC2 instances when an Inspector assessment generates a CVE finding.
   The function requires that the EC2 instance to be patched have the Systems Manager (SSM)
   agent installed, and the agent must have a role attached with necessary SSM permissions.
   For details on this, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html.


7. SNS Trigger
  The Lambda function is triggered by an SNS notification of a new finding from Inspector.
  The function checks to make sure that the finding is a CVE missing patch finding, and if so,
  it checks to ensure that the SSM agent is running. It then uses SSM to issue the appropriate
  patch-and-reboot commands to either Ubuntu or Amazon Linux.


8. Run the Inspector:
Ensure that you've tagged the EC2 instance(s) you want to scan.
Create an Assessment Target
Click Create.
Choose a name.
Use tags, selecting the EC2 instance(s) you've tagged for inspection.
Click Save.
Create an Assessment Template
Click Create.
Choose a name (e.g, "All Assessments").
Select the Assessment Target created in the previous step.
Select all rules packages.
Set the duration to 1 hour.
Select the SNS topic we created previously.
Deselect Assessment Schedule.
Click Create and run.
Run the Assessment
Watch the assessment run progress, periodically refreshing for the full hour to update the Findings count.

If there are any findings, check the CloudWatch log for the Lambda function to
observe that SSM ran the update script against the EC2 instance. For example:
yum update -q -y; yum upgrade -y.
