CloudTrail
CloudWatch
GuardDuty
Config
SecurityHub
Trusted Advisor
Macie
Inspector

CloudTrail
Functions: Monitoring CloudTrail records AWS API call activity for an AWS account.
Enabling this service will provide an event history of all API calls made across your account.
These API calls include any actions done in the console, AWS SDKs and command line tools.
This service is crucial to your account and should always be enabled. This information is
the cornerstone for monitoring and figuring out what is going on in your account. One important
feature with CloudTrail is that its data can be hooked up to other AWS services (CloudWatch and SNS)
and based on configured rules, notifications can be sent to you. So when CloudTrail is enabled and
integrated with CloudWatch and SNS, you can monitor and send alerts when security critical APIs are
used such as creating IAM roles and policies and modifications to account ownership information.
This service supports compliance and operational auditing of your account.  Turning this on in
every region and configuring it to work with rules in CloudWatch along with notifications in
SNS is a good thing and one of the first tasks you should do to start securing your account.
Usage recommendations:  Always enable CloudTrail when you setup your account.  Collecting the
API calls in your account is information required to audit activity being performed in the account.

CloudWatch
Functions: Monitoring, Alerting CloudWatch collects monitoring and operational data and stores
them in logs and as metrics.  Having all your logs and metrics stored together provides you a
way to correlate data points across your environment.  In addition, CloudWatch has customizable
rules that can trigger alarms.  From these alarms you can send notifications via the AWS service
SNS so that you can troubleshoot issues or you could automate actions using AWS services like
ASG or Lambda to perform identified actions.  CloudWatch collects data on many of the AWS built
 services and in addition with the CloudWatch Agent, you can publish data from your applications
 directly to CloudWatch logs as needed.  This ability to have the events across your environment
 in one place is what makes CloudWatch an important part of securing your account. CloudWatch is
 not an AWS security service but rather a service that can be used to help with security monitoring
 of your account.  A great example is that CloudTrail can publish to CloudWatch and rules can be
 built to watch for certain events that are considered a security issue.  Examples would be any
 use of the root account, adding users, or changing permission policy.  As mentioned above,
 integrating CloudTrail events with CloudWatch rules and alarming on identified security issues
 is a good piece of information to have when trying to detect usage of critical APIs in your
 account. Usage recommendations:  Use CloudWatch as your first level monitor for AWS services
 that integrate with it.  Specifically use it with CloudTrail and setup rules to alert based on
 critical API calls.


 GuardDuty
Functions: Monitoring, Alerting GuardDuty continuously analyzes your AWS account for suspicious
activity using data provided by other AWS services.  It gives you what AWS terms as “intelligent
threat detection” by analyzing the data collected from CloudTrail, VPC Flow Logs, and DNS Logs
from you account.  The intelligent part is enabled by providing known threat information and the
usage of machine learning.  Known threat information includes items like know lists of malicious IPs.
The machine learning works by detecting anomalous account and network activity and combining this with
the known threat information.  Here are some examples of what Guard Duty can detect:
An EC2 instance being probed or brute force attacked
A compromised EC2 instance communicating with a known malware server
Any traffic containing crypto currency mining
Highly sensitive AWS API calls that are invoked under suspicious circumstances.
There are a lot more actual detections than listed above.  I would recommend looking at the AWS
documentation for more information (docs). In addition to what it does, the other strong point
behind Guard Duty is you just turn it on.  There is no configuration needed, no agents to install,
no virtual machines to run, and no rules/permissions to create.  It operates entirely on AWS’s own
infrastructure.  You do not need to enable CloudTrail, VPC Flow Logs or DNS Logs.  Guard Duty inspects
that information whether you have those enabled or not.   To add to this, AWS is continually learning
and adding new anomaly detections behind the scenes. Usage recommendations:  Use Guard Duty when you have
resources running in your account and are worried about malicious or unauthorized behavior targeted at those
resources.

Config
Functions: Monitoring, Alerting AWS Config maintains an inventory of your AWS resources and watches for
 changes to those resources.  Additionally, you may configure rules that AWS Config will monitor your resources
 against.  This service will store your configuration history and snapshots in S3 and it can notify you via SNS
 Topics that a configuration has changed.  It also has built in integrations with CloudTrail, AWS Systems Manager,
 EC2 Dedicated Host, Application Load Balancers (ALB), and AWS Organizations.  These integrations are important and
 provide the following:

CloudTrail – Use CloudTrail logs to get information about the event that invoked the configuration change
Systems Manager – This integration gives you visibility to the OS configuration on your EC2 instances and on-premise servers.
With this integration you can see a timeline of EC2 instance changes
EC2 Dedicated Host – With this integration you can assess your license compliance for dedicated hosts.  This includes launching,
stopping, and terminating events along with important information like the software license, number of cores, and Amazon Machine
Image ID.
Application Load Balancer – With this integration you will able to see changes to the ALB.  This includes changes to EC2 security
groups, VPC and subnets.
With Config, you can continuously monitor resource configuration and notify on potential security issues that might happen. Usage
recommendations:  Use AWS Config when you want to evaluate configuration settings, retrieve historical configuration settings, or
 alert on a configuration change for AWS resources running in your account.

Trusted Advisor
Functions: Monitoring, Alerting Trusted Advisor analyzes your account and recommends improvements in three architectural pillars:
Costs
Performance
Security
A basic version of Trusted Advisor is included with every AWS account and there is also a Premium version.
The Premium Support version includes more Trusted Advisor recommendations and access to technical support,
architecture support, and use case guidance.  For this, we will just look at what the base Trusted Advisor
security recommendations. The following checks and recommendations are provided:

S3 Bucket Permissions
Security Groups – Specific Ports Unrestricted
IAM Use
MFA on Root Account
EBS Public Snapshots
RDS Public Snapshots
Usage recommendations:  Use Trusted Advisor to provide you guidance on some basic security settings in your AWS account.

Inspector
Functions: Monitoring, Alerting Amazon Inspector checks on the applications and resources you have deployed in your account.
This works two ways.  The first is a network assessment.  This will evaluate any ports open on your EC2 instances along with
any ports reachable into your network from outside the VPC.  This network assessment does not require an Inspector agent to be
installed.  However, having this agent on the EC2 instance will allow port inspection on the EC2 instance.  The second check
is a host assessment.  This requires the Inspector agent to be installed on the instance.  This check will look for vulnerabilities
(CVE) on the host and check for host hardening vs the CIS benchmarks and security best practices. Usage recommendations:  Use
Inspector when have applications running on EC2 and want to check for both network and host vulnerabilities.

Security Hub
Functions: Aggregation & Visualization Security Hub is AWS’s newest security service.  This service aggregates and prioritizes
security information and alerts from across the account.  Mostly this aggregation is from other AWS security services.  For example,
this Security Hub is integrated with Guard Duty, Inspector, and Macie. Security Hub’s main functions are to:
Aggregate security findings across the account
Automate foundational account level configuration and compliance checks
Provide integrated dashboards to view assessment results and start remediation
In addition to integrated dashboards, you have the ability to run account-level configuration and compliance checks.  These checks
are against industry standards and best practices and will provide you with a compliance score and identification of account problems.
This service integrates with CloudWatch Logs and Events.  This allows you to search through log data and identify compliance or
incident issues and define workflows that can be executed when vulnerabilities are detected.  This can include sending notification
or tasks to other systems. Usage recommendations:  Use AWS Security Hub to aggregate security information if you are running other
AWS Security services like Guard Duty, Inspector and Macie.
