https://www.appmeshworkshop.com/introduction/


What is App Mesh?

AWS App Mesh is a service mesh that provides application-level networking to make
it easy for your services to communicate with each other across multiple types
of compute infrastructure.

As the number of services grow within an application, it becomes difficult to pinpoint the exact
location of errors, re-route traffic after failures, and safely deploy code changes.

AWS App Mesh makes it easy to run services by providing consistent visibility and network traffic controls
for services built across multiple types of compute infrastructure.


App Mesh configures each service to export monitoring data and implements consistent communications control
logic across your application.

This makes it easy to quickly pinpoint the exact location of errors and
automatically re-route network traffic when there are failures or when code changes need to be deployed.


APP MESH COMPONENTS:

Service mesh – A service mesh is a logical boundary for network
traffic between the services that reside within it.

Virtual services – A virtual service is an abstraction of a real service that is provided
by a virtual node directly or indirectly by means of a virtual router.

Virtual nodes – A virtual node acts as a logical pointer to a particular task group,
such as an ECS service or a Kubernetes deployment.
When you create a virtual node, you must specify the service discovery name for your task group.

Envoy proxy – The Envoy proxy configures your microservice task group to use the App Mesh service mesh traffic
rules that you set up for your virtual routers and virtual nodes. You add the Envoy container to your task group
after you have created your virtual nodes, virtual routers, routes, and virtual services.

Virtual routers – The virtual router handles traffic for one or more virtual services within your mesh.

Routes – A route is associated with a virtual router, and it directs traffic that matches a service name prefix
to one or more virtual nodes.

HOW IT WORKS

Before App Mesh
Communications and monitoring are manually configured for every service.

After App Mesh
App Mesh configures communications and monitoring for all services.
